

** Video: New: AI seller + phone for your agent + OpenClaw 2.0 boy-is-it-bad (ID: MaTkyO-8hZ0) **

I have an AI pitchwoman who can sell

anything for you. You're going to see

the most magical way to give your agent

a phone number and have it make calls

for you, guaranteed. OpenClaw 2.0 is

out. You need to see something about it.

All that and all the latest AI releases

coming up. Presented by Zapier, the AI

automation company. Cory, what what are

we looking at here? You got to tell

people.

>> Yeah, so we're looking at the AI version

of QVC. So the, you know, the live

shopping network that's been super

popular for decades, they someone's

created an AI version of it. So here

we've got like an AI basically pitch

person where you can post the URL to

your product in the top left where it

says put your product on TV and this AI

like pitch person will start pitching

your product on the live stream and then

people can oneclick link out to your

product to buy it. So I think this is

going to be the future of live shopping

and live commerce. Very cool to see this

like rudimentary version of it.

>> Let's hear for a second

>> of your name, your business card, and

every profile you juggle today.

>> I'm going to pause it. I wish that we

could bring this Nichol Nicholas Cage

underwear back up. It was so [laughter]

funny as you and I were watching it. She

was demoing the different seams, talking

about the underwear design. It was so

well done. Very QVC. All right, this is

super funny, but I could see it working

really well. Let's go on to the next

one. infinite slop along the same lines.

What is this?

>> So, Levels IO, who's really popular on

X, created this. So, I guess bottom

line, the video models as of like a week

ago have kind of hit this point where

they can generate new video uh just as

fast as we can consume it. So, this is

basically a live stream that never ends

and it's just AI slop. And the people in

the chat, the comments in the chat

determine what shows up on the stream

next. So you see there's like tons of

people there in the chat talking just

like literally just talking nonsense and

then it just generates that on the

stream itself and it never ends. And

level said it cost hundreds of thousands

of dollars per month to maintain but he

partnered with FA who I guess this is

their video model and they're supporting

it for the time being but it's just it

was a big breakthrough on the video

side. This is fantastic

>> place. The bed is huge. The view is

insane. And I bet the mini bar is

stocked. [music]

>> I love that he also has a way for you to

buy ads on here because he's really big

into commerce and making money. 25,000 a

month. Woo. Okay. Uh let's go into the

next one. T. What is TEG?

So this is going to be huge for anybody

that uses something like Apollo or

really any like data enrichment tool. I

think Clay has data enrichment features.

So TREG is an open source tool. It's

basically an MCP that you can plug into

Claude or Codeex to go and find

enrichment data really any you know

contact information on anyone out there

phone number verified email etc for I

think it was 0.0089

per verified email. So it's dirt cheap.

It replaces hundreds, if not, you know,

a thousand dollars a month in software

subscriptions that people used to pay to

get this enriched data. And it's an MCP

that plugs right into claw. It's

awesome.

>> I use this to find email addresses. I

connect Apollo in, but it doesn't always

work for me. And I could see that

there's an alternative here. What it

does is I send my agent a tweet and I

say, "Find me this person so I can

interview them." It finds their email

address. It cues up a message from me

and uh and it does a few other things.

And I'd use Apollo, but it doesn't

always work. So then it starts to guess,

which is kind of funky. I like this. I

could see using this a lot. All right.

Google came out with Google Pics. Um,

and this is something that I think is

really interesting. If you have Google

Workspace, it's part of your workspace.

You just come in here and you drop an

image in and then you could start to

both edit it and ask AI to edit it. So

you can edit it down here or you can

just go in here. You know, sometimes you

just, you know what you want to do? You

want to say

maybe get rid of the space between and

just hit save. And in a minute it's

going to get rid of the space between

these two and make it work here. Um, oh

wait, I have to apply it and then it'll

do it. And then I could also edit

individual pictures within it and and

really get more granular editing within

this image. Um, I I use editing for

images all the time. I can definitely

see how valuable this is.

>> Yeah, me too. And what I like about this

is this is kind of like a spot editing

tool. So I'm sure everybody's run into

the situation. I know I have many times

where we get AI to generate an image and

it's like 95% there, but there's one

really specific part you need to change.

So then you ask it to change just that

one part, but then it ends up changing

that one part, but then it changes

another part, right? And so you're kind

of doing this back and forth to get it

to like keep everything else the same

and only change this one part. And this

kind of fixes that. This lets you just

spot edit a lot easier. It looks like

>> I like it. Oh, now it says man in black

shirt. Earlier when I moused over

myself, it said middle-aged man. And

then to the right, young man.

>> Um, this is one of our old uh

thumbnails. You can see I totally AIDed

my face on this. So, I definitely use AI

tools to create thumbnails and other

images. All right, next. Dial.

>> This one is so fun. If you have an

agent, you're going to want to use this.

What you do is you use dial to give your

agent a phone number that it can dial

out and receive calls from. Usually,

these systems are really difficult.

here. It's so magically easy that I just

did it while waiting for a guest to join

on a call with me. You just copy this

prompt, hand it over to your agent, and

then your agent will do the rest. And

it'll send you a confirmation text to

make sure that it's connected to a real

person, but then your agent will

freaking call you and have a

conversation with you. And this is the

fastest way I've seen to get a phone

number to an agent. and you get $5 free,

which is more than enough for you to

both get a phone number, which I think

is $3, and then get some minutes on

there, which is not expensive at all. I

still have some time. Uh, here we go. $3

a month for a phone number, and then 13

cents a minute for the call. So, if you

use an agent to make out outbound calls,

I could see this being helpful. And if

you've been curious about it, this is

the one you're going to copy this

prompt, and you're going to love.

>> So, a couple things that I'm noticing

here, too. Because like before tools

like this existed, in order to give your

agent a voice, right, you would have to

do you'd have to, you know, spin up 11

Labs and connect that to your it was

just like a whole process. And so you're

telling me that cuz I haven't tried this

yet, but you're telling me that it will

call me without me setting up any sort

of voice model. Like just literally

can't hand it that prompt. It'll call my

phone and start talking to me.

>> Yes. Yes. And you know what? I just

noticed that I hadn't in my experiments

with it. It even will do iMessage

texting. That is really interesting.

Really inexpensive. Great.

>> That's a huge use case for outbound,

too. That's a huge use case for outbound

because I mean, if you if you do

outbound with iMessage, you're going to

get a 3x or better response rate. And I

see there in the at the very top the

banner on the top, it says introducing

self-healing 10 DLC feature. Get

approved in 1 to 3 days. I mean, that's

always a big pain point for people who

want to do cold outbound text messages

is getting 10 DLC approved. So, it looks

like they made that pretty easy, which

is nice.

>> That's just like the the, you know, uh,

what's the word? Compliance, I guess,

you need to go through in order to be

able to send outbound text messages to

consumers. So, it's just like some hoops

you need to jump through to make sure

that you're not just like some massive

spammer.

>> All right, here is the one for iMessage.

iMessage actually does cost more, $250 a

month, and somehow you can do inbound

and cold outbound. All right, really

interesting. similar to agent mail. So

we'll we'll link it both in the

description. Let's go on to to diffusion

studio. What do you like? What is this

and what do you like about it? Just

launched.

>> So this yeah this is a brand new tool

that so from what I've been told the

breakthrough here is that

[clears throat] when you go to edit a

piece of video, you can turn that

specific edit into a code block. So from

what I understand editors one of the big

pain points they have and the reason why

you know AI editing is not quite there

yet is because it's always there's

always some fluctuation in terms of the

output but now when you make an edit you

can turn it into code and then next time

you want to make that same edit or apply

that same change you can just use your

code block and it'll be the same every

time. So, from what I understand, this

will just make editors lives a lot

easier and it'll make their work a lot

more consistent, which I think is hugely

beneficial to anybody editing video,

especially if they're using AI.

>> Yeah, that the timeline is really

helpful. I can get Codeex to make really

great videos for me, but if I need to

like lower the volume, I have to ask it

to regenerate the whole video instead of

just playing with the volume on my side

the way I would if I have a timeline or

delete a section of a timeline. All

right, I'm so uh I'm so looking forward

to talking about the next one. This is

OpenClaw 2.0. OpenClaw is the agent that

got all of us to start seeing the

future, which is like you have an agent

that does work for you and you can

communicate with like an employee or

like an assistant. They have basically

gone silent because they've been working

on OpenClaw 2.0. I really wanted this to

work out well. Then I saw Alex Finn's

video and he's enthused about

everything. every new AI thing he says

go get.

And I thought he would say the same

thing here. But listen to the problems

that the man had with this software.

Looks pretty cool. So that's neat.

Checking back in with the original sub

agent demo I was trying to do. We're now

48 minutes in. It's done absolutely

nothing. It spun up those other chats

and did research, but nothing's coming

out of this at all. It's just completely

frozen in time. It is so frustrating. It

is so

>> This is so so disappointing. I don't

know what's going on with them.

>> I don't either. And you know, I always

give them credit because they, like you

said, they showed us what was possible.

Like

>> I think Greg Eisenberg had a good quote

when OpenClaw was blowing up. He's like,

"People are going to remember this

moment as, you know, the world

pre-openclaw and the world post

openclaw." And so they'll always have

that spot in history, at least in terms

of our little bubble of the world. But

ever since then, they've been really

ever since OpenAI kind of took them

under their wing that they've been

dropping the ball on everything and

they've just been getting absolutely

lapped by Hermes and Grockbot and

everybody else. You know what? This is a

good time for me to say if you do have

an agent and you want to give it access

to all the tools that you use. I like to

give it access to email. I like to give

it access to notion. I like to give it

access to obscure software that we're

using, but I need to restrict it. If

that is you and you go to

zapier.com/mcp,

you'll be able to do that very easily.

And more importantly, you'll be able to

give other people on your team the

ability to add features and software to

their agents, but give you the control

that you need. Um, because you're

running a company and you don't want all

your data to leak out. Next, um,

[snorts] Claude finally added a feature

that I've been looking forward to

because I really love this in Codeex and

that is computer use. Corey, I've had so

many problems. So, I'm talking to you

right now and monitoring you from time

to time on my iPad over here, which is

being used as an extended monitor. For

some reason, I couldn't get my Mac to

connect to my iPad and make it work as

an extended monitor. I went to Codeex

and I said, "You have access to my

computer. Figure it out. Just do it."

And then I saw it move the mouse on the

computer, click around, go into

settings, and it made it happen while I

was using my mouse on my same computer

doing my work. I wanted that feature

from Claude. Claude didn't have it and

now Claude Cowwork has it. It can

actually control different apps on your

computer. They have a very lame example

here. I don't think they fully

understand the vision behind this type

of tool. So their lame example is, "Hey

Claude, create a new file in text edit."

And Claude goes, "I'm on it requesting

computer access for text edit." Now this

is a babyish example that is not really

the use case but now that you know that

you can have claw just like codeex go

and control your computer when you have

a problem that you need tech support you

just want it to do some work you can ask

it to do it anything that you'd use this

for

>> yeah I mean this is just I think the

thing I want people to realize here is

that you know people might think like oh

it's always had this well it's always

had the ability to edit files and

folders on your computer but not not

necessarily take control of your

physical machine Codeex has been able to

do that for a while. So Claude's kind of

playing catchup. But I mean, yeah, to

your point, like there was I got a new

monitor recently, too, and I could not

figure out how to um how to mirror my

MacBook to my new monitor. It was it was

trying to act as an extension. And I'm

like, I don't want that. So, I'm sitting

there on Google. I'm sitting there on

claw like, what setting do I choose? And

it was giving me the answer, but I guess

the Mac settings have updated since that

answer was updated. I couldn't freaking

took me like 15 minutes to figure it

out. So now that Claude has this feature

and I could have just used codecs at the

time, but you can just say like, hey,

you know, find the setting that mirrors

my MacBook to my new monitor and set it

up and then it would go and do it and

it'd be done, right? So that's what it

kind of lets you do now that it couldn't

do previously.

>> Really, any app, any feature that you

just struggle to go figure out, give it

now to one of these tools. It'll do it

for you. Hassanur, who loves to talk

about GitHub, has something here. Um,

you brought this up to me. talk about

this. What is this?

>> So, I think this one is really

interesting. So, he built what he's

calling an open-sourced AI classroom.

So, I think when people like nowadays

when they think about learning from AI,

they think like, oh, I'm just going to

go prompt Claude or I'm going to go

prompt chat GPT and ask it to teach me a

topic and then it's going to give me

some like novel of information that I

can go and read through to learn. But

what Hassan built here is you can give

it a topic. So the example he used is

like, "Hey, teach me quantum physics."

And then it's going to build a legit

classroom. It is going to spawn an AI

teacher who lectures out loud. It's

going to populate AI classmates who ask

questions and get called on. The teacher

is going to start writing on a

whiteboard, start writing diagrams and

solving equations step by step. And then

you're going to get quizzes that are

graded in real time. And what the the

part that I think is most interesting,

he says there's a roundt mode where the

AI agent classmates start debating each

other and you get to just like listen in

on their debate,

>> which is going to help you learn a lot

faster than you just like reading a wall

of text. So, I think this is super

interesting and this is clearly where

education is going.

>> I I'm not sure if he's the one who built

it. I think he's just someone who likes

to popularize uh GitHub repos,

>> right? Um, and I think, yeah, I think

he's showing off this this uh new

feature, new launch.

>> Yeah, either way, I mean, super

interesting.

>> Super interesting. The ability to just

say, "Now, teach me," and not have a

chatbot go back and forth with you, but

go even more more uh creatively is

really helpful. By the way, I'm in

Mexico. Can you hear this? That's like

an echo out of everywhere here. And

there's somebody in the co-working space

right there just talking. And it comes

in here. How am I going to work out of

this country? I moved to Mexico. So, if

you all see a different backdrop, that's

what's going on here. And there's a bit

of a of a of a challenge as I'm doing

this. All right, final one. This is

Radar. This is an MCP for podcast. It

basically is a way of letting your agent

search through podcasts, like hundreds

of them. I think it's 208 maybe right

now. But really granular searches. You

You have a few ideas for how people

would use this. How would you use it?

>> Yeah. So this I mean this is something I

could see myself using right away

because one of the workflows that we do

we built a set of Claude skills and an

orchestrator skill that runs them all in

parallel. But the first skill is to find

podcasts in my niche that we can go and

pitch for me to come on as a guest.

>> Yeah.

>> So the way that works right now is it

doesn't even like clog doesn't use the

Apple podcast API. It'll just use the

the brow basically a browser scrape,

right? It might be able to use the API

now, but back when I built it, it wasn't

it wasn't able to do it, which obviously

is very finicky. So, with an MCP like

this, it can search way more podcasts

way more accurately, way quicker, and go

and find ones in my niche, go and find

ones that, for example, like I could go

find all the podcasts that Andrew's been

featured on, and I could go and pitch

that host and say like, "Hey, me and

Andrew are friends. Like, we do this

show together." It's, you know, it's

it's a much warmer pitch. So, there's so

many use cases for finding relevant

podcasts that you can go and pitch

yourself on to to be a guest and grow

your audience and get your influence out

there.

>> Yeah, I like seeing which brands are

being talked about. I like seeing which

uh which sponsors they have. All right,

so links everything below. And if you

like this, we have these killer sets of

launches that we recently talked about.

And there's a link for you right on the

screen to go to go click it.




** Video: 10 GitHub repos that will save you money (ID: rVoAyD2Zrfs) **

I'm about to show you how to save money

by replacing subscriptions that you pay

for right now with free alternatives,

but this is about more than free. This

is about the ability to build because

everything I'm showing you is open

source. You can use it to build your

own, and I see people doing this all the

time. Timestamps and links below, of

course, so you can get right to it and

start to build. Presented by Zapier, the

AI automation company. Let's start with

Granola versus Doodle Note. Granola,

hugely popular AI meeting note taker.

What it does is it records what you're

saying as you're saying

it, and then gives you meeting notes

afterwards. But with Granola, the

meetings leave your machine, they go to

somebody else's system. They sit on

somebody else's servers. That means your

lawsuit strategy, if you're getting a

divorce, if you got a medical issue,

it's all going to somebody else's

system.

And Granola gets expensive. You may feel

comfortable paying $35 a month or

whatever you decide is your right plan,

but maybe you say, "I've got team

members. I want them all to use it. Are

they going to use it enough? Should I

pay or not?" It starts to get expensive

when you start to consider it. I want

you to look at a free alternative where

you don't have to think about that,

where you can just think about the

utility. You see, a guy I met got

frustrated with the fees and lack of

customization. He's a listener, a

viewer, just like you. So, he created

his own meeting note taker. Isn't that

the beauty of the world today? You can

just make your own software. And then he

did something that I am not doing enough

of, but I want to. He shared it on

GitHub so that you could use it. And

it's available for you right now. Like

Granola, he does not slam a bot into

your Zoom or uh In fact, let's talk

about this. You know when you go on Zoom

or Google Meet and it's you and the

person you're trying to have a

conversation with, and then there's like

robot right there?

The beauty of Granola is it doesn't have

that. Same thing here with Doodle Note.

It's on your computer, it's not in the

meeting, and it's all there for you. So,

what do you get with it? No bot. It

captures your mic and the other side of

the conversation from your computer.

Transcriptions happen on device. The

audio never leaves. Your notes use a

local model. In fact, the beauty of this

is

Sean and I were talking about how he

intentionally wanted you to have all the

transcripts from your meetings on your

computer. So, if you want to connect

Claude or open Claude or whatever it is,

you can and start to get what you need

from it. I will say this, it is Mac on

Apple silicon right now. Windows is

still in beta. Comment if you want

access. We've had issues before where

Windows wasn't available. I want him to

make it available to you early before

other people get it. Just comment, let

us know if you want it. But, let's talk

about some of the things that you need

to notice. Number one is it only has to

GitHub stars and I think one of them is

for me. If you like it and want to

support it, give him more stars. But, be

aware this is new. It's still being

updated. Windows is still in beta. There

is no phone app, though. I have to tell

you. I've had the Granola phone app for

I don't know, for a long time. I used it

twice. Not really a big deal for me. If

it is for you, this is not going to be

the right replacement. You are early

here. And if you decide that you do want

the hosted sync, it's 10 bucks a month.

Let's go on to the next one. Loom versus

Cap. How many of us use Loom now as the

default video async? That means you want

to talk about what's on your screen, you

show your video, you record or a thing

about it, you use Loom, you reach for

it. But, the problem with Loom is yes,

your demo lives on their servers. Yes,

your bug reports and everything else

lives on their servers and it's up to

them to decide whether they want to

clean out old ones or not. But, I think

the bigger issue is when you share a

video, they use it to sell Loom to your

viewers. So, if I create a video of

what's going on on my screen, I send it

to you, Loom keeps trying to get you to

sign up to Loom. That's not my goal.

All right. And their prices are up to

$240 a year and it gets expensive if you

start giving it to your team. So, a

company built an open source Loom

alternative. It's called Cap. It went on

GitHub November 2023. This one has been

around for a while, 21,000 stars, and

it's an open source alternative. So,

it's going to allow you to save the file

on your computer, share it for free. You

can also use it in their cloud for up to

5-minute videos for free. That's short,

but I think that's plenty. And if you

decide that you want to use a cloud

storage solution like AWS, you don't

have to pay them. Obviously, you have to

pay the cloud storage solution for it,

but those are peanuts.

Here's what it comes with. Screen

recording, camera, microphone,

all-in-one recording. You get instant

mode for a quick link once you're done.

You get studio mode so you can edit. Are

you really editing these things? I guess

so. A little bit of polish, a little bit

of background, a little bit of zooming.

It's available and it's both Mac and

Windows. But, let's talk about the

things that you need to notice if you

use this. Number one, the instant mode

is short. Number two, the website asks

for a commercial license if you use the

official app for client work. Um and

self-hosting can be a process. Though,

my hunch is if you're watching this, you

kind of like that kind of process. Let's

go on to the next one. 1Password word

versus Vaultwarden. 1Password is a

password manager that's now become the

standard for a lot of businesses. That's

how you save your passwords and share

them with your team. But, what I've

found is with 1Password, the login used

to be instant. Now it's taking seconds

and I know it seems petty to complain

about seconds, but when I need to log in

and I press that button to get

1Password, and it takes half a minute,

that's painful. Also, um the bigger your

vault gets, the more it lags. So, if

you're not having that issue and I am,

it's because I have a lot of passwords.

It's going to be an issue for you.

Keyboard shortcut misses and it feels

like a website that you now have to wait

on, not an app that you already paid

for.

So, someone created an unofficial

Bitwarden compatible server, gave it

away for free. This has been around

since February 2018, 66,000 stars. It's

not a toy. It's something you can

actually run. And

it works with the official Bitwarden

app. So, you got an iPhone, it works.

Android, Chrome browser, all of it

works. Hey, by the way, how do you like

my little highlighter tool that I just

added on? Let me know in the comments.

All right.

Here's what it comes with. It's a

personal vault that the official

Bitwarden apps already know how to talk

to. You got organizations, collections,

password sharing, really all the things

that you're used to are available,

including an admin page for the person

who's actually going to be running the

box. It's probably going to be you,

right?

And uh let's make this super clear if

it's not obvious enough.

If the computer that you host dies and

you have no backup, those passwords are

gone. This is now your responsibility.

But I think you can live up to that.

Okay, next, Zapier. Listen up. If you're

building

wouldn't it be great if when you're

building a tool, you can let your users

connect the apps that they need into it?

So, if they want to connect their

Notion, their email, their this, their

that, 9,000 apps.

You can enable them to connect it. All

right? And you don't have to manage it

yourself. You use Zapier SDK. You can

try it right now by going to

zapier.com/sdk. If you know Zapier is

the company that is like trigger

automation, ba ba, it's still that and

it's great. But it has done so much that

they should probably change their name.

I've been saying from now on we should

call it ZappyA so you can see them as a

different company. This is the company

that will allow you to create software

and enable your users to use their

favorite apps with your software. Okay,

next, Substack versus Ghost.

Substack is the biggest paid newsletter

platform. How many journalists you see

now have lost their jobs, they've got a

Substack. I get it. What they do not get

is that Substack charges rent on your

readers. And the more readers you get,

the more they're going to charge you.

So, that means the moment someone pays

you, actually I'd say in addition to

that, in addition to paying per user on

there, Substack takes 10% of every

transaction forever, no cap. And I don't

mean to just pick on Substack. This is

the way these models work, right?

So, a non-profit publishing platform

decided that they're going to build an

alternative, put it under MIT license.

We're looking at Ghost. You probably

heard it if you're listening to this,

there's a good chance you've already

used Ghost, your friends have used

Ghost. It's been around since 20 uh 13,

55,000 stars, a lot of releases, big

company, and they take 0% of your

revenue. It comes with paid memberships

that are built in. The publication lives

on your domain, your design. Let me rant

for a little bit um and tell you that

one of the annoying things for me being

subscribed to somebody's Substack is

that Substack wants me to then use their

system, use their app, use their setup.

I don't want that. I don't like it, and

I don't want them all lumped in.

You get with Substack a feed you rent on

their platform. With Ghost, you own the

site. Here's what it ships with. In

addition to the email newsletter thing,

you also get a publication on a website

for you. So, you get the web, not just

email. You get member sign-ups, free or

paid, 0% uh fee on payments. Though,

obviously, if you use Stripe, you're

going to be paying Stripe a processing

fee, but you know that, right? You put

it on your own domain, your own design,

boom. But, worth noticing, self-hosting

Ghost, it's work. It's not easy, right?

I I should say it's not easy. It's It's

work. It's not hard. Um

but that's why their hosted plan exists.

A lot of writers do not want that job.

Again, if you're listening to me,

probably don't give a rat's ass. It's

easy for you. Shoot, I'm trying not to

curse. Okay. Next, HubSpot CRM versus

Twenty. HubSpot is a CRM that new sales

teams love. They reach for it. Now,

Salesforce is more for like established

companies. Newer companies just hit up

HubSpot. But, with HubSpot, the CRM is

the hook. Then, they got sequences,

forecasting, customer reporting. It all

sits behind their professional plan, and

the bill is per seat. That means you add

more people on the team, you add more

seats. They're very good in the

beginning, very cheap, but it grows and

it gets more expensive, and by then

you've already built your whole system

on their platform, which is why they

become a multi-billion-dollar business.

HubSpot also costs $90 a seat per month.

We're looking at over $1,000 a year. It

gets up there. So, when a team put

open-source CRM on GitHub, I was

interested. It's called Twenty. I think

they even own the domain twenty.com, you

know, with the word twenty in it. It's

everything that you're looking for. You

can self-host it. They've got contacts,

companies, pipelines, workflows. It all

lives on a box that you own and you

control. You can also, if you choose to,

use their cloud. This is the way a lot

of these models work, right? Give it to

you for free, but if you want to use

their cloud, you pay. That's the way it

works here with 20. Um

I'm a little embarrassed by this. I saw

it earlier today, but to be honest with

you, this image here I

I just did not get a chance to fix it

because I'm here in Mexico and I'm

trying to make my setup work here.

It's going to be a little slow at first

or a little buggy at first. So, this

image is one of those things. Still

hurts my heart that I see it here. I

thought I All right, now let's keep

going. All right, [snorts] here's what

you should you get with it. You get

contacts, companies, real pipeline. I

already said all this. So, let's move

on. Let's talk about the thing that is

worth bringing up and that is that their

license is other on GitHub. Some of

their files are commercial. Okay.

Next, Grammarly versus LanguageTool.

Grammarly is the writing check software

that most people already have installed.

I know I do, you probably do.

But, the thing about Grammarly that's

annoying is at every step they try to

push their paid plan. Every spell check

is another opportunity for them to spell

check. This is what their home page

looks like. They're kind of mimicking

what it looks like to use their

software. What they should do is have a

box right up here that says, "Hey,

switch over to paid premium." That's the

way I experience their software,

constant upsells.

And Grammarly Pro is $144 a month. And

if you speak English fairly well and

you're not a writer even if you are a

writer, you don't really need the Pro

plan.

So, a team put a right a writing checker

on GitHub. It's called LanguageTool.

It's open source. It works in more than

30 languages. Actually, I think it's

It's about 30 languages.

Um with different dialects included. All

right, so you can run it on your own

machine, point it

uh point the browser add-on to a local

service server. Your sentences do not

have to leave your system. Here's what

it comes with, grammar, spell checking,

and punctuation checks.

Like I said, more than 30 languages and

dialects, uh browser add-on. Okay.

But, here's the thing that I think is

worth noticing and I don't think you'll

care. I know I don't care about it. With

Grammarly Pro and with LanguageTool's

paid whatever they call it premium tier.

The stuff that you don't get is this

complex sentence rewrites, the tone

detection. I don't care about that. I

don't like their tone detection. The

fluency improvement. So, if you're

somebody for whom English is a

challenge, you're probably going to want

to pay for either Grammarly Pro or

Language Tool, but if you're not and

what you're looking for is just to make

sure you're not making a fool of

yourself and you need a quick spell

check, well, Language Tool free, easy to

use, available for you and they give you

more than Grammarly does for free and

they don't give you the agita of

constant upsells.

Next, Google Analytics vs. Umami. Google

Analytics is a tracker most sites

already run. You probably have it on

your system. Maybe you installed it day

one and then you stop looking at it, but

Google gets every visit information from

it. They get every page that a user

linger lingered on. They get to see the

campaigns that brought people in. The

standard product is free, but the cost

is the data that you give Google and if

you and I are being honest with

ourselves, it's too complicated. We

don't need all that stuff. So, in walks

Umami. It's privacy focused, so that

means there's no personal tracking data

collected. There's no cookie banners

because it's fully compliant with GDPR.

I don't know what CCPA is, but I know it

matters to a lot of you. Um fast

loading, this matters to everybody.

Here's the other cool thing. Let me just

go over to this here. This one. Accurate

metrics because it bypasses most ad

blockers to capture true traffic counts.

And you get total data ownership and

here's the part I like a lot. It's just

simple. It's clean. It makes sense. You

don't have to be overly complicated to

make sense for most people.

Um you know what? I I don't think I I

got into writing here. I thought I wrote

in one of my versions. What what you're

missing with Umami is the ability to

connect to Facebook for ads. What you're

missing is some of the more advanced

funnel systems in it.

Um though it does still have funnels.

All right, let's move on to Google Drive

and Nextcloud. Google Drive is the

default file folder for a lot of

offices. It comes with Google Workspace,

so if you signed up for it, you have it.

If you signed up for Gmail, you have it.

And then you start to ratchet up the

cost. The thing is though, your files

then live on Google, your contacts and

everything live on Google. And if they

change the rules and you need to leave,

it becomes really hard. I know, because

that happened to me.

And by the way, I didn't have anything

random or crazy on my drive. It wasn't

because of what I had on my drive. It's

because they had a limit at one point on

how much you could put on the drive. And

I, because I shoot a lot of video, not

just here, but also for uh family,

I ended up needing more space and they

didn't have it to offer, so I had to

move my data off. And they don't make it

easy. I had to end up paying a company

in New Zealand to connect Google Drive

to some other software to get it easy to

get my my files off as easily as

possible, but it took multiple days to

get it off.

I think they also will

ratchet back the speed when I'm trying

to get the data off, which made it

really difficult.

And they are for some people expensive.

I know that $199 a year for 5 TB doesn't

seem like much, but look at what it

costs to get hard drives. And for me, I

had more than 5 TB. I just wanted to

keep everything, especially today with

AI, I can go back and analyze stuff. I

might as well just just save it. If you

look at hard drive costs and the cost of

a NAS system, you pay it one year and

then you have it forever.

All right. Uh someone put something

called Nextcloud on GitHub. It's a

system that you can run yourself. It

comes with the file server that you

choose, not uh that you choose, that you

own, not a drive that you rent. It syncs

to computers and phones you already

have. You share access control with

people. By the way, for those of you who

are saying, "Andrew, a lot of this is

AI-written." I think you prefer

AI-written. Look at the typos that I

have here. This is not the best. Maybe

not typo, I think I could have written

that better.

All right, contacts, calendars, all in

the same system.

The thing that's worth noticing though

is this is a process. I'll be honest

with you. When I set up my system, it it

wasn't just like create an account and

go. It was connect the NAS. I had to

call the this

uh support number on the company that

made the NAS system that I use for it.

But I paid once. It was a little bit of

time on a Sunday, and now I just have

it, and I don't have to pay, and you

have your expense one year, and you end

up with something that you can use

forever. Number nine, enter Did I tell

you you should subscribe? Does it even

matter to subscribe? I wonder if it

does.

All right, Intercom verse

Chatwoot, and I would love for you to

subscribe.

Intercom is a support inbox that a lot

of SaaS companies just pay for. It is

the cool

software to use.

But with Intercom, every person who

answers customer service is another seat

that you have to pay for, and the cost

start to go up over a thousand a year

for each person. So, a team created an

alternative. It's called Chatwoot.

It consolidates interactions from live

chat on your site, from email, from

WhatsApp, from social media, all in a

single view, and look at this beautiful

single view. It just makes sense, right?

And you can put an agent in the replies,

but let's be open that agent, the AI

agent part, is only a part of their AI

plan. I'm a little disappointed in that.

What they should do is they should let

you bring your own agent for free or use

their agent setup for within the paid

plan. I'm disappointed that they don't

have that.

Here's [snorts] what it comes with. You

got the inbox, like I said earlier, with

everything integrated, including

WhatsApp. By the way, did I tell you I'm

in Mexico? That's why the echo is

probably driving my editor crazy. He has

to edit it out.

Um, where WhatsApp is huge. Now you get

a system that incorporates WhatsApp,

Instagram messages, Telegram messages.

Uh, you get help center so people can

answer their own questions, private

notes so you can talk about your

customers behind their backs. You get

labels, canned replies, all of this

stuff that you're looking for. But

again, worth noticing the AI staff is

part of their paid plan. If you do a

Google search, you'll see Chatwoot comes

up as a response, uh, the top result for

for Chatwoot, but it says Chatwoot AI.

That is what their their meta title tag

is.

But the AI is just part of the paid

plan. You can't get it on this free

thing.

Still great for your team. Um and I have

to

point out the things that are

disappointing. Let's talk about

QuickBooks versus SlowBooks. QuickBooks

seems like the only bookkeeping app for

small businesses. It doesn't have to be.

With Quick- but QuickBooks is now loaded

with useless, distracting features. All

I need is a place to keep track of all

of my expenses and my balance sheet and

see the income statement report. I don't

need their their junky upsells. I can't

literally for the life of me remember

one of the upsells to even complain to

you about them, but they're flooded all

over the page.

I bookmark my my my income statement and

I still can't find it within their

useless, distracting feature list. And

they keep trying to upsell me more. And

let me point this out to you. Their AI

integration is a lie. They are lying to

you or misrepresenting. Here's what

happens. Claude comes out with all these

connections and they say, "And we have a

QuickBooks connection." And you're like,

"Oh yeah, I'm so proud I'm in

QuickBooks. QuickBooks is cutting edge.

They're very AI-centric." They're not.

They don't give you access to all of

your data using the AI integration. They

give you access to a limited pool. And

guess what? When it comes to finances,

knowing a little bit about your finances

is as bad if not worse than than knowing

none because you get confusing

information.

Do not believe that. Should I say lie?

Maybe like Am I going to get sued for

that?

>> [sighs]

>> I don't like it. I think that it's um I

think they're misrepresenting. Can I say

that? They're exaggerating. They're

making it sound a little marketing.

Let's Let's move on.

QuickBooks online also gets expensive.

It's not just for you. It's about all

the people on your team who have it.

Look at this AI ask me anything cuz they

want you to use their stupid AI system

to ask anything. I don't. I want to use

my AI agent, not your stupid agent,

whatever you named it, Bob. Let's move

on.

So, fed up entrepreneur

who I talked with he is so freaking fed

up. He decided to build his own

replacement. He wanted the data on his

computer. He hated that when QuickBooks

went from software on your desktop to

software in the cloud that he couldn't

keep his data.

Um he got really irritated. And so he

wanted it on the data and he also wanted

something that works with AI. This is

again one of the beauties of the world

today. You get fed up, you can create

your own thing. Talk to Claude, talk to

Codex, talk to Grok and have it do it

for you.

He did that.

So you can get invoices, you can track

bills. I actually don't even need

invoices. What you really need I think

from these from these apps is

a place to store your data that you can

query with AI and get reports that are

accurate. That's the most important

thing. And here you get all that and of

course you can connect your Codex, your

Grok, and everything else into it.

Here's what it ships with, invoices and

bills which I don't really need from

them, US payroll I don't need from them

either, inventory fine if you need that

I get it, bank feeds very important, and

a set of books on your computer that you

host, that you have. It's not that hard

people. QuickBooks is is annoying.

Um but here's the thing, again, always a

warning is if the books are on your

machine, you're the person who's

responsible for saving it. Also the

license is source available. I'm going

to ask him why it's source available.

Also it doesn't have a lot of stars but

honestly

I don't think it's that complicated. I

don't know it's just not he he's not

bragging about it enough. I found him on

Twitter through somebody who was talking

about how great it is. It's basically

him creating simple software that just

works for him and he's inviting other

people on GitHub to come in here and

contribute. If you look at the

contribution, it's mostly him I think

doing doing the work on this. And

there's not much to add to this.

Honestly, I hope he doesn't add too

much.

Okay.

That's it. If you got any value out of

this,

hit subscribe, hit like. Tell me which

repo you liked and tell me which

direction you'd like me to go in for the

next one of these things. Like what's

another topic that you'd like me to do?

And finally, if you like this one, I got

the original 10 subscriptions that you

can kill by by replacing them with open

source. It's right here. Go follow that

and I'll see you in there next.




** Video: How to have Claude run your company (ID: F-_q6VIHMS8) **

This founder generates $250,000

a month in revenue without employees.  Everything

is done using Claude.  He's going to

show us his setup.  Presented

by Zapier, the

AI ​​automation company.  Okay, so

what are we looking at here, James?

Well, I thought about mapping every

tool in my business and it shows that

everything is really connected to Claude

Code.  So now I run my entire

business in Claude Code, usually with

Fable or Opus.  And when Claude isn't

available, I use GLM 5.2, which is a

cheaper Chinese model.

And this allows me to do some pretty

interesting things.  For example, I have every

tool in my content package

connected to Claude.  I have all my

analytics connected to Claude.  And I

thought I'd show you how I create

infographics like this one.  This is one of

my best performing posts

on LinkedIn in terms of

qualified leads for my business.  It's a

classic, you know, just comment the word

"compound" and I'll send you a

direct message with a skill that improves your

Claude setup every Friday.    I

've had 400 comments on this

post.  This entire infographic was

created by Claude, and it leads

people into a funnel that eventually

converts them into customers of my business

.

Well, I really like how this

infographic has rhythm and energy.  Okay

, you dedicate yourself to teaching

people how to use AI.  So let's see

how you use it.  What do you use to

create this infographic?    Alright

.  Essentially, this image is

an HTML page.  It's almost like a

custom animated website that's then

converted frame by frame into an

animated GIF.  And I don't think many people

know this, but you can share GIFs on

LinkedIn and they still get the same

reach and engagement as an image.

So images

are currently one of the best

performing formats on LinkedIn.  I have a

skill where I basically...talk to

Claude about the infographic I want.

Create a plan, so I can say,

"This looks good. Change this."  And

when I'm satisfied, he develops it,

animates it, and delivers the GIF to me.  Do you want me to show you

how I do it?

Yes, let's take a look.

Let's get to it.  Okay, I run my entire

business at Claude Code in the terminal.

You can do this in Claude Code and in

the desktop application.

You could even do it in Claude Code Work,

but I think this is the fastest way

to do it.

Mhm.

Well, there's a skill I've created

called LinkedIn Infographic.  Oops, I didn't

want to push that.  And this will

take me through the process I just

described to you.  I use Whisper Flow

so I can speak at about 150 words

per minute instead of typing at about

100.

And we'll give you this and all the

skills below in the description

.  Okay, go ahead, save.

All.  Yes, everything we're going to show you

today will be available later.

Okay, so um I want to create an

infographic that visualizes the

LinkedIn infographic funnel leading to the

landing page and then to the

mailing list we've created.  So there

are three steps here.  There's step

one, creating the infographic.  Step two,

create the landing page, the

lead capture page.  And then step

three is someone joining that

page and being

properly tagged on kit.com.  Ask me

any questions you need to

ask, and then we'll create the wireframe.

So I'm going to let that run

.  It will probably take about 30

seconds, and while I'm doing that,

I just want to show you something else I can

do by connecting everything to Claude.

So if we zoom in on this, then

I'll put this here.  I can ask

Claude, you know, how's

this working out?  Claude created

all my panels for me.  I used to

work in growth at

tech startups and my own company, and it

took years to make sure all the

information was set up

correctly.  And now I just tell

Claude, whenever you build something,

make sure everything is labeled,

and then build these nice panels

for me.  So,

yes, all of this is included in the

free plan.

Yes, you can see that I've reached a

limit for

session playback, but other than that, I'm still

paying them $0 a month, which

is amazing to me.  I'm a big

Posthog fan here.  I

highly recommend it.  Very good.  So my Claude

is set up to always ask me for

clarifying information instead of

trying to guess.  First,

what's the angle of the story?

What are they trying to achieve with this? Do we want

an agent to build this funnel? Do

we want to copy this funnel, or do we want

both?  I think I'll copy this funnel.

I think making this something that

someone can take with them is

valuable.  Okay, do we want a

three-step flow or a loop?  I think we

want a vertical funnel.  And then,

static or animated?  Obviously,

animated.  How realistic should the

content be?  Hey.  Let's make it general so

that anyone can apply it to their

business.  So I'll probably create

a design structure in a moment

.  Meanwhile, Claude, since I'm

using Fable, takes a couple of minutes,

but he's scanning each

landing page to see the

conversion numbers for the original lead magnet

.

Okay, I'll follow you.

It's like talking to a

growth analyst, right?  I just

asked how it's working.  So

now we know that our

benchmark for this new page is,

I would say, 45%.  It needs to convert

at least 45% to be as good as

the others.  Okay, Claude is creating

the structure of this infographic right now

.

And part of your skill is not showing

the finished product first, but

building the structure first.  Okay.

Absolutely, yes, because it's very quick

and easy to generate a

black and white structure.  Furthermore, I think

the most difficult thing is achieving the

right design.  Sometimes Claude wastes a

little space.  Sometimes things

feel too tight.  I want to

scan this structure and check

that someone browsing LinkedIn

can understand it immediately.

If we want to see the work in progress,

we have this.  So.

Yes.

Three-step funnel with magnet:

post the chart, restrict in-

depth analysis, and then tag

everyone in the entry.

Okay.  I like that you're building

an infographic based on what you know

about your business.  How does it know all

these things about your business? Where is it

storing the data?    Alright

.  Well, this business,

I started with consulting and I had everything

in my personal GitHub repository and

on my personal website.  And then many

people asked me for help with agents.  So

I created an agent workshop and then

a course.  And basically, over

time everything has grown into this sort

of second brain in my

main folder.  So, everything I've

done in this business over the last 8

months is documented in this second

brain;  I think I have two or three thousand

markdown files organized like a

sort of "LLM Wiki".  So

Claude can read anything historical

as a text file.

Any live data

is simply connected to each of the

tools.  Then you can go in and

look up any real-time data

about how we're doing

in Kit in terms of analytics, such as

, how is

that page performing?  Yes, everything, absolutely

everything is connected.  So Claude

can see practically everything about the

business.  Are you consulting all those

different sources?

If necessary, yes.  It's literally

like I'm telling him to go and look up, you

know, the keywords.  For example,

if I wanted to optimize this

landing page with certain keywords, I would

connect to the SEO data.  If

I said that this page needed to be

very fast, I would use something like

Lighthouse.  But yes, each of these

tools is connected and Claude

can use them without asking my permission

because I configured the permissions

securely.

Understood.  Okay, so he's

checking everything.  It's watching what

you do, creating a real infographic

based on your work.  Frankly, I'd

like to see that same thing done about my

work just to see what we're

doing and have a

visual representation of how I operate.  Now that

you have the image, how do you create a

landing page that is

meaningful?

TRUE.  Uh, actually, I'm going to show you

the animation really quickly because it

will take about 2 minutes.  So, everything

on this website, for example, this is

my example landing page,

right?  Everything is uploaded to a

GitHub repository.  This is a

website made in Next.js.  All I have

to do is tell Claude: create a

new version of this page, and that

could probably be even

faster than creating the infographic,

because he already has everything he needs to

duplicate it and create a new one.  So, let's go back

to Claude and let me copy this

.  Okay, let's get back to our...this

was our growth agent,

right?  Our growth analyst whom we

asked about

performance.  So, I'm going to say:

create a new lead magnet page

for this

LinkedIn funnel infographic on

the website, and when it's ready,

show me a preview

running on localhost.  That will

study the infographic, build the

page, run it on my computer

first to verify that it works, and

when it's ready, I'll say, "Alright,

let's deploy it."  And then it will be

uploaded via Vercel, so

maybe I can quickly show you my

tech stack.  Vercel is an

amazing platform for

easily deploying code on the internet.  And I won't

go into details now, but it makes it

very easy to have an agent

update your website.  Everything is on

GitHub, so I can go back if I

make a mistake.  It's all in something

called Sentry, which is like a

bug tracker.  So, if

something goes wrong, I get an alert

immediately.  I also have Cubic, which is

like an

AI-powered code review tool.  So, Claude

Fable is pretty good, but it still

makes some mistakes.  That's why Cubic

checks everything before it appears on the

live site and often finds one

or two problems.  Oh, and yes, I already

showed you Playwright.  This allows

Claude to inspect his own work and

check that it looks good.

Good.  Alright.  Now, the

learning page you were using is

because PostHog told Claude that it

worked best.  Are there any

adjustments based on how it worked

last time or based on what you've

learned since then?

Okay, let's check.  Let's see what he said.

Uh, it's converting really well.  It's

way ahead of some of your

old pages.  Uh, he says it's a

small sample.  Uh, it didn't actually

detect anything.  I could ask him, you

know, what we can do to keep

improving;  Give me, for example, three


conversion rate optimization adjustments we could make on

this page.  Uh, but I've already done

quite a bit of optimization on the template.

So, there's a call to action

here.  There is a call to action

here.  There is another call to action

here.  There is another form here.  You just

need to give your users as many

opportunities as possible to

click the button and they probably

will.

The way he

knows what to improve is that Claude has

access to PostHog's data.  He sees

where people move, where they

stop moving, things like that, and he's

using it.  Understood.  Okay.  Very good

.  So, I understand the

feedback loop.  What's next?

Okay, the next step is to create a

new page for our

lead magnet on LinkedIn.  And so, Claude

has a checklist of

documents.  So basically, it's about

finding something the last agent

left behind, which is a

checklist for creating new magnets.

So this is simply a

standardized job now.  I don't need to

reinvent the wheel.  Claude doesn't need to

go and find out how to do it.

Basically, it's just a matter of following the

instructions to create a

lead magnet, which will probably take

a couple more minutes, and then

we'll have a webpage that we can

preview.  Meanwhile,

I would log into kit.com, which is where

I manage my email list

.  I love kit.com.  It makes it

very easy for an agent to

analyze what works.

Schedule agents to integrate

lead magnets into your site.  Obviously, it makes it

much easier for humans to send

communications, and I can see

detailed statistics for all of them.  But what

I would do is create a sequence.

Here's an example of

the page sequence I just showed you.

When someone completes the form,

they receive this

automated email.  Hi Andrew, here's

the skill you requested.  Click

here to download it.  To

set it up, simply install it

as a skill.  And by the way, a

very subtle mention.  By the way, if

you want to delve deeper into agents, I run

a four-week program.  You can

find more information here.  So I

'm not pressuring anyone with

an aggressive sales pitch.  I give them what they

came for, which is simply

free value.  And then I say, by the

way, if you want to know more, it's

available here.  And now that you're on

my mailing list, I'll send you a

message when I post a series of

new videos on YouTube.  I will send you

an email, for example,

when I organize a workshop.  Tomorrow, for

example, I'm doing a workshop on how to

connect Gmail to Claude, something I

consider risky and suggest not

doing.  This was sent to about 1,000

people, and several hundred of them

came from these

lead magnets.  So now they're likely to

join a workshop.  They've already seen

some good skills.  And maybe,

if they're keen to learn, they'll join

my paid program, but I'm not

bombarding them with aggressive sales pitches.

Yes, I understand.

Very good.  This page is under

construction.  It looks like it's almost

ready.  The other agent is finishing

the animation, here we go.  Here's

our nice animated intro graphic

.  No, it's forced in this

preview image, so we have to

crop it out.  And I think this could be

a little more eye-catching.  If you imagine

someone viewing this on their mobile phone, I think it

has too much text.  But you saw

that all I did was give

Claude two prompts with Whisper.

I answered some questions and now

I have this infographic and we can

export it to a GIF, share it on

LinkedIn, and hopefully, I

would hope that people will comment, you

know, lead magnet to get the

skill.

Yes, I see it perfectly.  And I also

see that the text in each of those

blocks should be much larger,

at least the heading text.  I can't

even read it and I'm looking at it

on a computer.    I do

n't think it should get smaller and smaller.

I think everyone should

be bigger.  But you know, this is

like I said, it's a quick and

easy draft.  But it's not bad and it's a

good starting point for further

refinement.  Um, so, um, okay

, cool.  This is fantastic.  All

checks passed.  So

he built the page, now he'll start

a server on my computer and

verify that this is working.

So, really, if I just copy

this, we should be able to test it

ourselves.  Boom.  Good.  Uh, it's

using a slightly

different template because it doesn't have a

large image at the moment.  But, uh, here

's the form.  Uh, here are

the things you get and then it's not quite there

...it's like I didn't

finish adding this form.

But, if I needed a lead magnet very

quickly, if I just needed a place to

send people, I could

implement this.  I could post a

link to an infographic and people

would start joining the

mailing list.  Um.  What is the connection with

Kit? How are you doing it? Is it

through an API?  I missed that step.

Yes, Claude has a Kit API key.

If I...  And you can actually connect and

create your forms and then connect

the forms in Kit, huh?  I had

no idea.

Yes, he can do it all.  Then

you can create labels.  Therefore,

I would create a tag called, for

example, LinkedIn Lead Magnet.  I would create

a form.  I would connect the

form to this part of my site.  And

then, um, basically, yes, when

someone joins, I would include them.  All I have

to do is create the

sequence.  So the only

manual part is how to create the

email that is sent to

people afterward.

After they register, the

nutrition email.

Yes. And again, I want to write it

myself.  I don't want to send them

AI-generated garbage.  But that's the only

manual part I have to do.

Otherwise, Kit can see and do almost

everything.  Yes. What do you use Resend for?  It's

another email service.

Resend is basically for

transactional emails.  So that when

someone reaches a checkpoint,

they receive an email from Resend.  And the

main reason is, actually, to protect

Kit's deliverability.

Okay, that makes sense.  Um, okay.

So that's the process.  That's

how you see everything.  And writing is still

something you do personally

, by sitting down to write.  Anything else around

here that we should check out?

Yes, let me think about it for a bit.  Um.

I guess something I find great

is that I use Autopilot as my CRM.  And I

've used it since day one.  A

very good interface and an even better API

.  And basically there are a lot of

automatic CRM things happening

in the background that Claude has set up

for me.  If someone joins Kit, I

could also create a profile for

that person on Atio.  Then you could use

Apollo.io to enrich your data.

So, when someone signs up,

I get an email that says, "Someone

just downloaded this skill.

They're from a company with 400

employees. That company generates, it's

estimated, X million dollars in

annual revenue. And their job title is, for

example, head of people." When I see

that email, I think, "Okay, this is my

ideal client." They have money to

spend on AI training. The head of

people is the person responsible for

AI training. And so, if I want,

I could send them a manual message

saying, "Hi, I saw you downloaded

this skill."  What are your plans

regarding AI training for the

second half of the year?  "All of that

is automatically connected to

Claude. And I also have an agent—I have

n't talked about scheduled agents yet

—but I have an agent

named Jamie, who's like James with AI

. Basically, while I'm managing

sales for my next cohort, I get

a message every day at 8:00 a.m.

on Telegram. And Jamie tells me, 'Here are

the calls you have

scheduled.'"  Here is the

background information for each of those

people.  Here's the status of your

sales funnel.  And the next cohort

starts in, you know, about 55 days."

Here are the estimated earnings

based on all the stages and

probabilities of the process. So,

every morning I get a little check-in

from Jamie that tells me, "You're doing

alright, or maybe you need to push yourself a

little harder if you want to hit the goal

." And that's possible because he can see

granola, he can see my to-do list

, and so on. And

that's Claude Code doing it in the

cloud for those scheduled tasks,

right?

This was...this was Claude Code

running on a computer in my

room. So, I set it up

months ago. I used something called the cloud,

called Telegram, uh, this guy.

Mhm.

He posted a big repository on GitHub

and basically said this is a

secure way to connect code

using Telegram. But what I use

now, which I think is even better, is

the Eve framework from Vercel. They released it

about a month ago. It basically

lets you run a single command in

any folder and then turns that

folder into an agent in the cloud. So

You have, you know, your context, your

code.md, all the files the

agent needs, you just say "start an

agent." Now it's running in

the cloud, and you can run it on

any...you can use any

model. You can use code models,

you can use GLM, Gemini K3, whatever.

Um, and then you can also connect

any channel. Like Slack, Telegram,

WhatsApp for Business,

email. They made them all

super easy to add. So

now I use Eve from Vercel, and I don't

need to leave my computer on

. I don't need to connect the code to

Telegram. It just works in the

cloud.

When you say any folder,

what do you mean by a folder?

When we work with an agent,

we often have a context folder,

right? Things it needs to know. And

this skill I was showing was

really cleaning up your folder and making it

really easy for agents

to find what they need. In this

example, I have an agent called Advisor

. Code.md is simply defining the

Advisor's behavior. The more

organized this folder is, the

easier it is for an agent to find

context.  And the more organized

this folder is, the fewer tokens you'll

spend trying to find the

right information. So, still

, tell me now how to

connect that and turn it into an agent

.

So, all I would do is

go into that folder, uh, code,

code, or in my terminal, sorry, and

I would say, you know, NPX, uh, whatever

that command they showed

above was. Uh, you know, uh, show me my

newest agent.

But wait, show me that folder

again, because what I want to understand

now is, the folder you're

showing, the layout of that folder

with Claude.md and so on.

Okay, let me, let me just show you

this. So, I created, I created like a,

I created a health agent that

basically analyzes all my, you

know, my metrics, like Garmin,

Training Peaks, uh, and basically

helps me with my triathlon training

. And I used to just have this folder

here. This was like all the data.

Uh, but what I did was tell

Vercel, "Okay, let's create a  "Agent." And

then, Vercel Eve created like a

Claude.md, an agent folder, you

know, here are the channels I

talked about, like Telegram. Uh, here

are some scheduled tasks that it's

running. So, it tells me my

metrics every day. It's

like an afternoon reminder

. And then, this is like, this

is all Claude needs to

basically, like, oh, sorry.

Vercel needs to run this

agent. And then, if I preview this,

uh, this is just, these are

very simple instructions. It says

this is a project that uses the

E framework, you know, go and check out

these pages on the internet if you need

help setting it up. And then,

all of this has been packaged. This

is running in the cloud. If I go to

Telegram, and then let's see if I have

web.telegram open. Again, the

editor might need to blur. There

shouldn't be any conversation

here, but the editor might tell me.

Let me know if you want it.

Yes. Okay. Where's my...?

Here. Very good. So, it's been

Sending a daily update

about my sleep, my recovery

. Uh, so I can say, uh, how

was my run last night? And I think, I think

actually...no, let's do it

first, sync metrics.

So, basically, it's going to run a

command in the cloud that pulls all my

, you know, data from my

training devices. So I can

show you this here. Uh, TrainingPeaks

is what I use to manage my

workouts. Heavy is when I go to the

gym, when I lift weights. I can

show what I've lifted. Garmin

lets Claude see my sleep and my

heart rate. I use it for health,

but also as part of my

weekly feedback. So

every Friday, Claude checks my sleep and

says, "You tell me you're feeling

stressed, but you're averaging about 6 hours

of sleep per night."  No wonder you're

stressed." It's like having a

coach who understands both your

physiology and your psychology. It sounds like a

minor thing, but when Claude knows you have

n't gotten enough sleep, he

sometimes says to me, "Okay, I'll take what

you said with a grain of salt because you're clearly

sleep-deprived." So yeah, it's all

connected, and there it is. Claude

just put it all in sync. For example: "

How was my run last night?"  "I went

trail running yesterday in the

mountains of Utah, it was a lot of fun.

But we're at altitude. We're about

1,600 meters above sea level, and

I noticed it felt more challenging.

So I think Claude might notice

here that my heart rate was

perhaps higher, that my pace was

slower, but we'll see that probably

comes up in a second.

I've found that with health data,

Claude struggles because there's

too much information and he has trouble

processing it. It almost seems like I

've structured mine in a certain

way. I'll show you. I've created a

dashboard for Claude. Uh-huh

.

And I say 'I,' but actually Claude

created it, right? So, yes. This

organizes all my data into one

CSV file. It has my weight, my VO2

max, my

training readiness. So basically,

I structured the data to make it

easier for Claude to find what he

needs. Okay, here we go.

Last night's session was your

easy acclimatization run. You did 8.5 km in

about 90 minutes."  Your average heart rate

was 112. Your TSS was 36

versus the 31 my coach

had planned. So now I can

just talk to this agent in

the cloud. It also sends me

reminders—I think it sent me

some yesterday that I didn't read—but yeah, this... it

just took, you know, one command, that

kind of command here in my folder, and

now there's an agent running in the

cloud doing things multiple times a

day for me.

Pretty cool. I like this. I

hadn't even tried it; I had no idea what it

did. I get it now. Basically, it

just creates agents. It turns

data sources into agents that

I can chat with.

100 percent. I think this could

be, like, I think this could be the

kind of OpenAcular or

Heroku killer.

Too difficult for people to

even understand. None of

us knew it was there, let

alone how it worked or what it did.

I think its biggest challenge right now

is that, yeah, for now this

is geared toward developers.

Although it's like, you know, a command

that you paste into a  Folder, I still think they

need to try to make it

easier for non-

developers.

Okay, this is super

exciting. I love seeing what you

're doing with this. I have another

founder who's done something similar

using Taskade, and I have a link here

for anyone who wants to follow along and

see what that looks like. See you in the

next video.




** Video: A little-known agent is shockingly powerful (ID: Tj7uyTCX4-4) **

No subtitles available for this video.



** Video: Top 10 Repos: 2,282 Claude plugins, free codex, & 8 more. (ID: TWCSvvTfJNU) **

You're about to get loads of Anthropic

approved Claude plugins. Do you have an

old computer? I've got software that

will bring it to life. I have a funny

way for you to get tons of free coding

agents and so much more. Links below and

so are the chapter marks. Let's get into

it. Presented by Zapier, the AI

automation company.

Adam, the hottest repo of the week is

from Anthropic Claude plugins community.

It is a collection of over 2,000 plugins

for Claude and here's the amazing part.

Not only are they useful, they are

security scanned for you and you can use

them in Claude Code, Claude Co-work. I I

like this a lot. Why though? Why do we

need this? It's already available on

their website. I can just go into their

site and see it.

>> Yeah, I think the website is great if

you are a human and you're trying to

scroll and search and discover and learn

and you want to open 10 tabs. But but

your AI doesn't want to scroll through

this long page. It doesn't want to go to

the next page. AI really wants really

condensed information. So they've made

this repository to condense all of this

down so that AI can pick it quickly and

you can ask, "Hey Claude, can you help

me find a plugin for managing my dog's

finance?" And then it'll go and search

the the this repository really quickly,

really efficiently and come back with an

answer for you.

>> All right. I do like this a lot and

largely because I know from our audience

how many people are freaked out by

connecting things to their AI that

nobody has checked.

>> Well, and I want to point out Andrew

like skills, there's there's debate on

whether or not they're dangerous.

Plugins can absolutely be dangerous.

These come with code that will run on

your computer. They come with scripts.

They come with software. You should be

just as careful installing somebody's

plugin as you would, you know,

installing some Mac app. And you should

think, "Are these people going to steal

my information? Are they going to steal

my passwords?" All of that is possible

through a plugin. So downloading them

through this like security scanned,

vetted

uh database, that's a great idea.

>> Okay. Great. Let's go on to the next,

which is awesome GPT image two.

You know how um if I were going to share

software with you, I would give you the

code? This is the equivalent for images.

If I want to share an image with you and

allow you to recreate it or do something

with it, this is a collection of prompts

that will allow you to do it. I find

that this site is

the best way to see it.

And if you take a look, you can see for

example here, this image here is the um

prompt that I can copy that use it that

that made it. I can favorite it. I can

use it myself, and in fact I have and

I'd like to show this to people. Here is

the prompt. And here is my run. I just

put it in. You can see this is my Codex

uh screen. Very similar to what they

have, obviously not the exact same

thing.

>> Who Who's the sort of person that would

use this, Andrew?

>> I don't know. I feel like partially it's

because we're all trying to get better

images and we want to see what am I

saying that's different from what you're

saying cuz you get better results. I

would love it if what they had for

example was a thumbnail uh set of

prompts. I don't think they have that,

but for something like that, if I'm

trying to like reverse engineer a

design, I would really like to see that.

>> That's a good point because it takes a

long time to generate images. And so if

you want to like scroll through this and

get Oh, this like blow up one is a great

example of probably where

>> How would I write this prompt from

scratch?

>> Right.

>> take me a long time. I I understand Oh,

I would come here. I'd copy and paste

this prompt, and then I'd probably edit

the sections that I wanted to be

different, and I'd trust that I would

get something out that would look very

similar to this. Is that right?

>> Yeah.

They've got charts, infographics,

everything organized here, and it is

available for you. By the way, I'm

skipping through a lot of pages these

days, and all of this is available for

you to download if you want to use this

yourself or to click around. Let's go to

number three. Umachi. Oh, I said

something last week that got me a lot of

blowback. Okay, let's first talk about

what this is. How would you describe

this, Adam?

>> Uh you know, it's some blend between Mac

and Linux and it's more Linuxy than

Mac-y, but the idea is, "Hey, you think

Linux might be a little too nerdy for

you? It's hard to install or it doesn't

run on your computer? We're going to

take that and make it as seamless as Mac

is, which is like the gold standard for

seamless."

>> And it's from DHH, the guy behind

Basecamp, Ruby on Rails, so many things.

Um

he obviously has a big uh track record

of creating software that people love.

And he raised money. In fact, he We

talked about him last week. He and I

went back and forth a little bit in an

uh email exchange and I congratulated

him for raising $8 million and he goes,

"Yeah, actually we're now at $10

million."

Um

and so they're they're building it up

and I can see this being very exciting

as an alternative to Mac and Windows.

And here's why, because of what the

audience said. I said, "Who the hell

needs another piece of software?"

And Adam, the examples that I got from

people who said, "I have this old

machine here. I feel bad just keeping it

on a shelf. This works on the old

machine is amazing." In fact, here, this

is Boyd who said, "I've got an old

machine here and not only that, I would

also like Touch ID to work on it." And

DHH is in there going, "Okay, let's

talk." And they started DMing and and

talking about how they could possibly

make it work. Very exciting.

>> You know, Andrew, that's a great point.

The The new versions of Mac don't even

run on these old computers. Mac isn't

supporting them. Like this is a way to

like make those machines come back to

life with modern software, modern Yeah,

okay. I'm I'm more convinced than I was

even 10 minutes ago.

>> You know what? I have and I'm I've got

to figure this out. I have an old

MacBook Air that I think is so

beautiful. It cannot do jack. I can't

even use it for my kids' stuff, but it's

too beautiful for me to throw away. I

packed it up into storage and if I can

get it out before we move to Mexico, I

want to bring it with me and just have

fun trying this out. I totally get it.

You all are right. Thank you for the

pushback. Let's move on. Oh,

speaking of So, Zapier, we've talked

about their MCP. This is a way of giving

your agents access to over 8,000 tools

in a safe way so that they don't run

around and do some things like uh

there's something called I think

Inception that everyone's been talking

about this agent that took over

Clairevo's email and even after she

canceled it, it had access to all her

old messages. She's like, "What the hell

are you people doing?" This helps you

get protection.

Beyond that, there is Zapier SDK and

I've talked to the team over there and I

said, "Give me some examples." He said,

"Well, how many times do you build

software for outsiders or even people

within your team and you want those

people to connect it to their Notion

account or to their tools that they

want?" Well, you can figure out how to

build that in or just use Zapier SDK and

then your users will be able to connect

to their software. You create the

software, Zapier SDK allows your users

to connect it to all their other apps.

That's what it's there for. Go check

them out. And again, we're not calling

them Zapier anymore. We're calling them

Zappier A cuz everyone every time I say

Zapier, they think about the old if

this, then that type product. No, they

do so much more. Go check them out.

Let's move on to the next.

Okay, this is called Open Logi or Open

Logi. This is for people who love

Logitech mice and other tools, but hate

their freaking software and hate that it

doesn't run on Linux.

And so, someone created a tool that

allows you to use the hardware and use

it on your computer. What do you think?

You got excited about this one.

>> I don't care if it runs on Linux. I

don't like how their software runs on my

Mac. It's bloated, you've got to log in,

you got to reset your password, they ask

your birthday, like I just want the

thing to work and these like I when I

saw this like, "Oh, I want this for all

my hardware." I don't want to install an

app for my mouse and an app for my

keyboard and an app for you know, my

Stream Deck, whatever. I wish I had all

these like cool little open-source tools

to run everything. So, I'm going to go

and search after this.

>> This is fan-freaking-tastic.

People are also really upset that

Logitech is sending data back home.

Like, you're just connecting a mouse. It

should be between me and my computer.

You should not take any of this.

Really love how much it's grown. Um

by the way, we are still since we can't

get the star charts from that site and

since GitHub is not giving it to us, I'm

still every day collecting all the the

star data and I hope I'm getting this

right. I'm working really hard to get

the only star chart available. Uh and

I've got video of someone here who's

installing it and talking about the

issues and you'll all have it if you

want it in the download. Okay, OpenAI

Codex.

I asked you why. Why do I need to go

into GitHub to get Codex? Can I just get

it from OpenAI on my computer? What's

the difference?

>> Well, that's an easy answer. Yeah, you

totally can. Uh but what you might not

realize is Codex, the app, the the

command line interface you've been

using, that's open source. It's free.

You can edit it. You can download the

code. You know, Claude code is not open

source. We don't know exactly how

they've built it and what the prompts

are, what the tools are. But Codex is

open. You're free to download it and do

whatever you want with. Uh so this is

for tinkerers. This is here so that if

you want to change it, you want to

change how the prompts work, you want to

change the models that are in there, you

want to add some whole new interface to

this, you can do anything you want to to

Codex. OpenAI has put it out there and I

think they have since the beginning.

This has always been open.

>> So if I want a cheaper model in here and

not even pay OpenAI, but I want their

setup for communicating with it, this is

how I do it.

>> Yeah, well, and you could bundle it with

your own, you know, you could have

Andrew X and and you know, you would

clone this repository, you'd call it

Andrew X, and you'd set it up with your

models and stuff, and then you would be

free to distribute that as well.

>> All right. Let's go on to the next one.

Number six most popular of the week is

from the Apache Foundation. They are

incubating their own AI agent workspace.

Why do we need this? Why do we need

another desktop app for running AI

agents on my own machine

where every obviously where every model,

tool call, and permission is written to

to an append only log so you can go back

and see where your agent did. Basically,

why do we need another one of these

things? What is this and why?

>> Yeah, you know, normally Andrew, I would

agree and I'd say we probably don't need

another one of these that's

competitive with Hermes and you know,

all these other like agent systems that

are out there. But Apache has built the

the internet, built a lot of tools. The

Apache web server is everywhere. I don't

know how much web traffic it's still

serving, but I'm sure it's you know, the

close to the majority. When these guys

get behind something and they build

something, think of this is like

infrastructure that's not going

anywhere. All these other projects that

people are building, if it's a company

running it or if it's an individual, was

that going to be maintained for the long

haul? I don't know. Anything I see from

Apache, it's oh, this is going to be

around for a long time. They're going to

do it very carefully. They're going to

fund it and this is something, you know,

if you want to build a business, I would

build a business on top of Apache

software. I'm not sure I would build a

business on top of a bunch of vibe coded

agent tools that might not be around in

another 6 months.

>> Okay, still early days on this one. I

couldn't figure out the reason

>> Yeah, I wouldn't build a business yet.

This is this is you know, they call it

incubating beta, whatever.

But but this is like a great

development. This this is going to be a

a fixture going forward.

>> [snorts]

>> Next is

now that we've seen Apache, this is

Mojo. This is again a repeat from last

week. What is this?

>> Yeah, you know, AI writes a lot of code

and if you ask it to process some data

or whatever, it's got to write code to

do that. When it writes Python, for

example, Python is slow. Python is slow

to debug. It's slow to run. And so Mojo

was a new language that was invented

pretty recently that exist to have this

Python-like

flexibility but with the performance of

C or C++, which is a language that's

much more difficult to write and read.

So, they're trying to blend, you know,

all these different things from

different programming languages for AI

for the modern era. It's new, so kind of

like Mocha, it's like will it will it

last the the long haul? I don't know

exactly, but it does seem to have a lot

of traction behind it. Um and so it's

definitely if you, you know, write a lot

of throwaway code with LLMs, this would

be a thing that you should check out and

maybe point your your AI to.

>> By the way, if you're listening this

far, I would love it if you told me in

the chat which of these are helpful and

which would you like us to do more of a

deep dive on and how how else would you

like us to show you the hot repos that

are going on on that are taking off on

GitHub.

Let me know in the chat. Next, money

printer turbo. This keeps coming up and

the reason it keeps coming up is it's a

schlocky name, but it's a tool that

really does something that people want,

which is lets you create video

either using

all AI or just using AI to combine

already existing video and audio and

make it into a new video for yourself

and this has been also a tool that

others are building with, which is

fantastic.

>> Yeah. Yeah, I think it's great. You

know, I I think of it as like CapCut but

open source and they're not trying to

upsell you on anything while you're

using it. So, you just get all the

knobs, you can select whatever you want,

you can integrate it with a bunch of

different video like B-roll platforms or

stock footage platforms

and get creative.

>> Yeah, I'll just play on this. I hate to

actually even show any of it because

every video is different depending on

the tool you use to make

>> Creative work rarely lasts as a perfect

idea. It begins with rough notes,

[music] unfinished sketches, and ex-

>> But we've seen some really pretty things

from it. It's it just keeps growing, it

keeps doing well, and I'm glad to see it

back, and I'm glad to see again that I

was wrong about that in the beginning.

Okay.

This one is uh this is going to be so

hot with our audience. I feel like this

should have been number one um for the

audience.

It's a stack of 34 free AI tiers

that you can combine

back-to-back-to-back. Every AI company

almost gives away a free tier, but

there's a limit to how much you can use,

and so somebody decided we're going to

collect it all and make it easy for you

to switch from one to the other to the

other and not run out. I think this is

great. I think potentially it could

violate some terms of service, but I

think it's it's a fantastic tool.

>> Yeah, I mean, hard to argue. You know,

you just sign up in in 50 different

places, and oh no, I ran out of free

tokens on OpenAI today. Well, now I've

got some from, you know, uh DeepSeek,

and now I've got some from Kimmi, and

now I've got some. So, you just rotate

through, and hopefully by the time

you've used all your free tokens

tomorrow, all those limits reset, and

you can run them again.

>> And I think for people who are just

absolutely going nuts creating stuff,

letting their agent just go and

experiment and do all kinds of stuff,

this is fun. What's the deal with them

being free, but also offering $19 a year

plan?

>> Yeah, that's funny. That doesn't seem so

free. Although, $19 is not a lot of

money.

>> No.

>> I I think what's happening here is new

models come out all the time, new free

tiers come out all the time. Sometimes

some of these free tiers were a little

bit of an accident, and when they get

abused, then the company takes them back

away. And so, I don't expect that all of

these are going to work all of the time,

but if you want the updated, you know,

up-to-the-day updates of which one of

these work, and where can you get them,

and sign up here, then you pay that $19,

and you get access to that list as well.

>> Fair enough. Fair enough. I tend to look

on Twitter, but I know I'm not seeing

them all on Twitter.

Uh last one, the number 10 hottest repo

of the week is called Sekuro. It lets

you see your net worth on your server.

It's connected to over 2,000 banks. I

find this to be incredibly helpful,

especially now that QuickBooks is has

abandoned individuals. There are all

kinds of alternatives, but they're so

good at charging and charging and

charging. And so this is one that will

work on your system, Mac and Linux, you

got Windows, and you can connect your

data directly. And I'm going to show you

how cheap this is cuz I use this

connection that they have. And then you

get to see what's going on with your

finances.

I like this a lot.

>> Yeah. That's really cool. I mean, I

think this is in that same bucket of I

want to run it locally. I don't want

someone to upsell me. I just want all of

my data. I want it to be secure. I don't

trust all these other platforms. And so

if you could connect and store all of

that yourself, that's pretty cool. I I

appreciate that. I used to use this

platform called Personal Capital to

manage all of this. It got bought out by

somebody else. And now I get a a phone

call about once a week from the company

that bought them saying, "Hey, do you

want to try our brokerage service? Hey,

do you want to try this?" It's like,

"No, I don't. I just want it to look at

all my different accounts. And, you

know, I I'm I'm going to definitely go

and check this after we get off the call

today.

>> Really nice. You don't have to say who

are these people. You see that it's on

your system. I was showing this because

this is the way that I connect to get my

bank information. You just use Simple

Fin, a buck 50 a month. I don't even

know how could they afford to do it cuz

they still credit card processing fees

there. Or 15 a year, which seems more

reasonable. They should just cut this

and promote this. But I'm glad that they

have it. And then,

you can ask your AI questions about your

finances, which

>> That's awesome.

>> service like QuickBooks will not let you

do.

All right, those are the top 10. Usually

what I want to do every week, Adam, is

ask the audience, please send me what

you've got. And I want to give you first

stars. Adam, I've got messages from

people who said I had no stars or one

star before, and now it's 30, 40, and

it's all because of us. And so, I wanted

to go through all this today, but I am

moving to Mexico. I did not have a

chance to go through all of this

material to make sure that we have it

right, and I don't want to just read

stuff off the screen that I didn't

analyze and look at. I'm very excited

about what you all have built. I'm going

to move this over to next week, and I'm

going to show all of these next week.

Look at this.

This is like the seed to keep track of

your usage. I've been talking to him on

email. Anyway, if it's if there's

someone out there and you who's built

something, even if it's not on GitHub,

sometimes people just send me random

screenshots. I want to see what you're

building and making. Here's the email

address, and send it over, and I will go

through these next week. And um next

week I'm going to be in Mexico. Can you

believe it? We're moving to Mexico for a

year?

>> Yeah, I mean, that's awesome. I'm really

excited for you.

>> I mean, for you it's not that much. You

You go overseas all the time.

>> Well, yeah, I mean, I I lived in

Honduras for 5 or 6 years, and

but that that's that's sort of why yes,

I can believe it, and I'm very excited

because it's it's just going to be a a a

whole new a whole new world. It's

nothing like visiting for a week or a

month. Living there is is

um yeah, life-changing.

>> All right. Um now that this is over, our

number one video is me going over

free repos of free software that you can

just get from GitHub that replaces your

paid subscriptions. It has blown up for

us, and people are using it to create

their own versions of software that is

already on GitHub. I've got a link for

you right here to see it, and I'm going

to see you in that video next.




** Video: Yes. You can get an AI robot now. (ID: klqyY5SAQvc) **

Personal robots are here. You're about

to get an inexpensive robot that you can

program to do all kinds of things for

you, even if it's pick up your dirty

laundry. I've got a tool for you that

will give your agents email, phone

number, messages, and all kinds of

stuff, including the ability to pay. And

I've got an agent that everyone's

talking about that caused a real problem

for people. All that and so much more

coming up.

Presented by Zapier, the AI automation

company. Okay, Corey, first story is

this. What is this?

>> This is MicroDuck. So, this is the

newest release from Hugging Face as of

four This just came out 4 hours ago.

It's a $399 robot that you can program

to do tricks, ride skateboards, like do

all kinds of crazy stuff. Bottom line,

this is where I think a lot of

AI-powered hardware is going. It's

becoming a lot cheaper and a lot more

accessible to one, the everyday person,

and two, the non-developer. So, you can

literally go on their website today, buy

this MicroDuck for 400 bucks, program it

to do whatever you want it to do. It's

crazy.

>> Unreal that it's available right now. I

mean, this is this is I think the future

that this stuff is coming out. excited

about it. All right.

Uh next, check out what this guy built.

>> [snorts]

>> Autocomplete for piano.

>> [music]

>> This is phenomenal. People went crazy

for it on Hacker News, where everyone's

so jaded and pissed off at everything

that's being created for them.

I like this.

>> that's it's insane. I think it's It just

goes to It's like an example of

something I never would have thought

about myself. Like, who would think that

they need autocomplete for piano, but I

mean, I could just see this being a way

to quickly, you know, create new music

or like iterate on different uh musical

pieces that people are coming up with. I

think this has a lot of potential for

musicians. I think it's really cool.

>> I love it. As a

My guitar [clears throat] teacher's

trying to get me to to break outside the

box and just mess around with licks, and

I keep thinking, well, I don't know what

to do after this.

Well, imagine hitting play on something

that follows up on what I created and

realizing, okay, there was more that I

could have done with it. All right,

next. This has gone incredibly viral on

X. What this guy, Jonathan, had created

was outbid.lol,

laugh out loud, where you just kind of

bid to put your company at the top of

this list. And so,

Johnny bid $14,028.

2D built six bid $16,000, actually, and

paid it, too. Um, c.io paid $17,000. And

so, since c.io paid the most, they went

to the top of the list. And you can see

that people are now outbidding each

other. And the interesting thing is so

many of us are coming to the site to see

what everyone is bidding on that he ends

up getting real business for these

companies that are putting themselves on

here. And, of course, for himself. If

you hit the about page, in a week, he

has already generated $236,000

in revenue. And I talked to him about

how long it took him to build this. He

said it just took him 3 hours.

>> Oh my god, that's so Like, this is This

is what I love about this space is that

you can come up with an idea, you can

launch it in a couple of hours, and it

might flop, or it might absolutely go

berserk like this has. And yeah, that's

revenue, but his expenses are probably

50 bucks. Like, that's probably 236

grand in profit that he's made in the

last week. I I think this is so cool. I

I mean, this is just incredible. Like,

you can't you can't beat things like the

stories like this.

>> Go to that site, click the about, see it

in there. And also see how much he's

been developing it. So, now there's a

daily one, so people can outrank each

other on daily. He's putting together a

database based on like who's willing to

pay. So, if you're looking for agent

software and you see that someone's

willing to pay $17,000, you might

consider them. Or even this 3,750,

you might consider them. Great idea.

Okay. Next is How do you even pronounce

this?

>> Bezalel, I think. Bezalel. So, Raz Myku,

is uh, you know, he's popular on X. He's

a developer, very very much AI native

and and talking about a lot of things AI

related. He built this. It's basically a

single MCP. He's branding it as like

superpowers for your agent. So, with

this

the single MCP which is free for right

now, it's an alpha, your agent gets

memory, email, money, texting, and

computer sandboxes, and connectors all

from one MCP.

And he's even in his tweet he mentioned

like what does that mean, right? So, for

email, your agent gets access to agent

mail. For texting, it gets access to I

forgot the name of the the texting tool.

For a computer, it gets an Orgo VM,

right? So, it's just an easy way.

>> Yeah, right now it's in free alpha. I'm

sure he'll charge for it, but

>> software costs money. So, you get an

Orgo computer, not just his random

thing.

>> it's just the MCP. I think you probably

need the underlying subscriptions, but

the idea is with this one MCP, you can

basically set your agent's

infrastructure up for with this one MCP.

It's kind of like the Compozio of um

like agent infrastructure if that makes

sense if folks are familiar with

Compozio.

>> So interesting. So, really these are all

the tools that you want to give your

agent all wrapped into one. I like this

a lot. All right, speaking of agent,

here is the agent that everyone on X has

been talking about. Look at this

website. It's a it's like [laughter] a

nothing site.

>> They're literally trolling like with

this. And it's smart because it's going

to like this is the type of thing where

it's so contrarian like it's so

it's such a pattern interrupt that it's

it's going to get talked about and it

has. Like they're killing it right now.

>> So much. So, the thing that people have

been really excited about is that with

Instinct it's really easy to connect

your messages so that you can actually

send text messages from your agent,

WhatsApp, make calls. This is the part

that's been magic for people. Email

included in so you don't even need to

get another one of those. And of course

it connects to all the other stuff like

Linear to to Gmail.

And then it gets to work. The thing

though that's been happening is because

Instinct has been so mysterious about

who they are, nobody knows can I trust

them with my email or not? Who are these

freaking people? But still people like

Claire Vo are saying, all right, I'm

down for playing with whatever. Let's do

it.

What a thrill. And then she disconnected

her AI bot from Instinct at 11:00 a.m.

and then got a summary of her email at

2:00 p.m. And so what she's discovered

is they're keeping data on their

servers. Now, the interesting thing

about people in tech is we're all very

forgiving. We want to try new things.

We're going to trust you, which is a

mistake. I think we're really getting

into dangerous territory when we trust a

no name.

>> [snorts]

>> But at the same time

this is becoming a problem because he's

the founder didn't come out and then he

finally came out a few days ago with a

with a post about himself and what he's

up to. And then they raised a quarter

million dollars at a two plus billion

dollar valuation.

>> dollars.

>> Quarter billion, excuse me. Right. Oof.

Would you try this? I wouldn't.

>> I mean, I feel like I don't have a

reason to. Like maybe if I was bored and

just wanted to check it out, but to me

this is like a less polished version of

Grokbot and I'm much more likely to

trust Elon Musk than I am the you know,

the tech founder who's in the shadows

and like just came out of his you know,

hole on X this week.

>> And I will say

>> think it's for me for right now.

>> I'm a Grokbot user and I still don't

trust Elon Musk. I I feel like even when

I when I give my Grokbot permission, it

doesn't say give Grokbot permission. It

gives it says give cursor permission. So

all of their software gets access to all

of my stuff. Um but I trust them more

than an unknown person and Grokbot gives

me a lot more. By the way, when you're

messing around with agents and you don't

know what they're going to do with your

data or what they're going to do with

your accounts, if you use Zapier MCP,

you can decide what kind of access they

have. So you can say I want them to have

access to read but not write, to create

but not delete. And this will work with

over 8,000 apps. You can start it off

with an app and an agent that you're not

comfortable with. And then if you decide

you're comfortable and want to work with

them directly, fantastic. You can cut

Zapier out. It's not a lifetime

commitment, but it is something worth

doing when you're starting out. Go to

zapier.com/mcp.

What's [snorts] this thing?

>> Yeah, this was a cool one that I found.

So, this guy vibe coded a gas station

management game for the web. And I guess

it got a lot of traction wherever, you

know, whatever circles this guy hangs

out in. He said it it got so much

traction they're putting it on Steam.

So, people are going to be up They're

going to be able to actually develop it

further. People are going to be able to

buy it and play it. Which again, he vibe

coded this game in probably just a few

hours. So, really cool example of just

something that somebody cooked up

probably in their basement, got

traction, and now they're turning it

into an actual product.

>> I think we're going to start to see more

and more vibe coded products get

traction, build build real businesses,

generate revenue. Uh we saw it with the

leaderboard. We're going to see it with

this and others.

Uh this is Claudish. You know how when

you speak to Claude it seems to speak a

different language. Somebody created a

translated looks a lot like Google

Translate but meant for Claude. So,

let's try this.

Um

I'll I'll use dictation and talk into

this.

I need to create a list of 10 stories

that I'll be talking about of what's new

and what launched in AI. And I want it

to be things that are actually usable

for people who are in the AI space and

building and want to know what else they

what other tools they can use or build

with.

Okay, I went real long. Let's see how

Claude would

The list is a narrow AI sided slice. 10

stories of what are new and what what is

new and what has launched with the

shape. I actually think that it could

have even been more complicated than

this. I think this is just like a fun

way of of It's like a fun way of talking

about how we all know that Claude is

kind of wacky.

But I think they could have gone even

wackier with it.

>> Yeah, and again, we We know Claude kind

of has its own little language and this

is just a cool tool to kind of show us

how Claude would react given a certain

prompt, which I think is interesting.

>> This type of thing also is really a cool

marketing technique. I don't think I

would have talked about program as

weights otherwise, but they created a

little tool that touches on how we're

all like experiencing the same pain. I

think this is another interesting thing

that's going to come out of the vibe

coding world. People who are not just

coming up with a funny meme with an

image, but coming up with a tool like

this that people can play with and try

out.

>> Yep, micro tools I think are going to be

a huge trend. Now that they're so easy

to build, that's going to be a great way

to get leads and get eyeballs on your

product.

>> By the way, I'm so distracted by my

office door being open. I'm so polished

and buttoned up in my videos usually,

but we're moving to Mexico in a few days

and so I've got my office being cleared

out a little bit. I've got to remember

to take those records out from above

there.

And now we're having a new water boiler

put up there and then another one over

there and

I've been in such chaotic mode.

I'm I'm going to be in Mexico in about 3

days and just sitting and relaxing. I'm

looking forward to that.

>> Hopefully I can come down and visit.

>> Love it. Come.

All right, next.

Uh this is X1. What they've done is made

it really easy for you to build an

iPhone app and get it into the store.

And what they want to do is walk you

through the whole thing. Everything from

how to plan, which the planning you

could do on your own, to designing.

Again, you could do that maybe on your

own. Building it is getting harder

because tools like lovable that are vibe

coding won't do it very won't do it, I

think at all, definitely not easily. And

then how do you actually launch it in

the App Store? How do you deal with

Apple's whole infrastructure of the pub

of publishing? They will take care of it

all for you, all in one.

>> Yeah, and I think this one's much needed

in the sense that like there's a lot of

tools out there that lets you vibe code

iPhone apps, but this is a tool that's

like purpose-built for that. And I like

tools that are very specific about what

they are as well as what they're not.

The These guys are like, "Look, we only

exist to help you make iPhone apps. We

don't do anything else. We're not a

lovable. You can't make websites. You

can't make, you know, web apps. It's

iPhone apps or nothing." Which I love,

and I think that's probably going to

serve them well.

>> Eight bucks a month for one app, 20 for

three. That's on the yearly. Let's

switch to monthly. 20

>> so sick of paying subscriptions, because

I was thinking about this yet literally

yesterday. So, it's funny that this came

up. I'm like, I've been using the same

um iPhone app on my phone for tracking

my workouts for like 12 years. It's

called Rep Count. But it's just a random

iPhone app. Like, it doesn't have an

MCP. It doesn't have an API. So, I was

thinking to myself yesterday, I'm like,

I want to vibe code a iPhone app that I

can use to track my workouts that has a

built that basically I can build an MCP,

so I can port that data over to Claude

or to like my personal trainer Grokbot,

for example.

But I don't want to pay a subscription

to do that. Like, I want to just I want

to pay for the usage required to build

it. And then, if I have to pay per, you

know, per API call or per usage of the

MCP, then so be it. I'm just sick of all

these subscriptions, you know?

>> I'm with you. Subscription fatigue. And

then, you also don't get what you're

looking for. It's not right. So, I did

that with this

There was a tool that I used to Here,

let me take a screenshot of this page.

There's a tool that I used to mark

things up, and I was paying for it. But

also, I wasn't getting what I wanted.

So, I took the tool to Claude, and I

said, "Copy this for me. Interview me

about what I don't like about it and

what I wish was different, and then make

it for me." And here's what it did. Now,

look at this. As soon as I click the

page, it automatically pasted what was

in my clipboard. I don't even like

hitting command V to paste. I also

wanted it like a few tools. I don't need

a million different tools, so that I can

mark it up like this. And sometimes, I

want to be able to do it to make it look

hand-drawn. Sometimes, I don't want it

to look hand-drawn. I want it to be more

perfect. I want arrows. All of that,

just give the tool to Claude, and it'll

copy it. In this case, also give the

tool to this, and it will not just copy

it, but customize it to you. This

personal apps, I think, is is the

future. All right.

>> Definitely.

>> Let's go on to Supernova.

Super How would you describe this? This

is the thing that you would message your

business partner and say, "We need

this."

>> Yeah, so this this one looks really cool

to me, and I think it's I think there's

going to be more more tools like this

that pop up, but my understanding is

basically Supernova acts as the glue

between all of your different tools. So,

like it shows all the integrations

there, you know,

>> All your business tools.

>> All your business tools. So, it goes in

and pulls all your business data, like

every piece of data,

>> Stripe, HubSpot, etc.

>> Yeah, then dumps it into a data lake,

and then makes that data lake accessible

to, you know, Claude, Codex, your agent

of choice via MCP, instead of having to

go through and query like one tool at a

time. So, all the data's in one place,

instead of Claude or Codex having to,

again, query one of your other tools at

a time.

>> Okay, super helpful. I see how excited

people are with this, um and they even

say, "Look, if you don't have a

connector, we can build it for you in 24

hours." My one issue with them is I

think they need to clarify their

pricing. They're trying to be so good at

keeping prices low and not charging you

for anything that that you you're not

using, but it becomes really difficult.

Like, here's what companies are doing

with their stores.

>> I have no idea what the hell I would

pay. Like, is it going to cost me $5 a

month? Is it going to cost me 500? I

have no idea if I'm looking at this.

>> This is what happens.

>> what they should do is they should give

you a free They should do like an audit

of your data. That'd be a great lead

magnet to It's like, "Hey, you come in,

you connect your connectors, we can kind

of audit all the data that you have

available, and then give you an estimate

of how much it would cost you per

month." Right? So, I don't know. That's

what I would like to have before I

Otherwise, I'm just not going to try it.

>> It's

This is what happens when a founder is

just too worried about people thinking

they're making too much money, and they

get way too way too convoluted to show

you that they're going to charge you

just the right amount. Just

>> Right.

>> Make it easier. Okay, but great tool.

Next,

expertise.ai.

You know how you have a really good

skill to do certain aspects of your

business like maybe it's uh content

writing. For me, it's it's research and

uh and booking guests.

It's fantastic.

Other people can use it. It took me

months to get my my booking guest skill

to actually work right.

Wouldn't it be great if I could sell it

to other people who are booking guests?

Well, that's what this is. This is a

marketplace where you could buy and sell

skills. I think skills are maybe the

future of software or a version of the

future of software. There isn't a

marketplace to do it that has taken off.

These guys are taking a crack at it.

What do you think?

>> I mean, I'm surprised like we were

saying before we hit record, I'm

surprised that this hasn't already been

created and been like heavily adopted

because

you know, I I bought skills before that

are of course they're a little more

generic, but I mean this just seems to

be a marketplace where I could buy

I could look for a skill that's very

specific to my workflow and then buy it.

It's like why is that not already been a

thing? Cuz right now it's like people

are hosting them on you know, they just

send you a Stripe link or you got to buy

them on Gumroad and then they email you

like a zip file or whatever. So, it's

very

it's very fragmented and if this can

bridge that gap, then to me that makes a

ton of sense. Like how much are they

charging for it? Like this one here

pre-call prep. Like I could build that

in 60 seconds. But for the person who's

not willing to take the time, is this

like a $5 skill? Is this a

>> What's that?

>> How much are they charging for that?

>> Install

>> $99 a month? Oh, cuz it's a go-to-market

uh pack

>> Uh collection. Got it.

>> But then what are you paying the monthly

for? Like just to keep for them to keep

it updated?

>> It's a good question.

>> skills. One installed, it runs on your

stack.

>> Prospecting command center is what

they're selling.

Interesting. Okay, so it's more of like

a go-to-market skill stack.

>> Let's take a look and see if there's

someone else here who we can find a

better price on. Okay, let's see what

this stall deal rescue is.

80 bucks a month. So, they're doing this

all on a monthly. That's interesting

actually. They really are turning these

skills into SaaS.

>> Damn, that makes me want to go and sell

my skill my content skills and stuff

like that, you know.

>> That's what they're trying to do. All

right. Next, used to be called Anthropic

Academy, it's now called Claude Academy.

This is Anthropic teaching you how to

use Claude and giving you certificates

and now they're connecting it to your

Claude account.

People have been talking about it. What

do you think they like about it?

>> I mean, I just I think they make sense

to rebrand from Anthropic to Claude.

Like most people don't know that

Anthropic is the creator of Claude. So,

calling it Claude Academy makes sense.

And again, these are just like simple

courses designed probably for folks who

are newer to the Claude ecosystem to

learn how to use the tool. I mean, it I

think it makes sense. Personally, I

would rather have Claude build me a

course tailored to my skill level and

tailored to the things I actually care

about. But if you just want like a

generic, "Hey, how to use co-worker? How

to use Claude?" This this makes a ton of

sense as a starting point.

>> All right. And finally,

Peter Yang.

What is this?

>> So, he open-sourced a skill that he he's

calling cancer. And it's my

understanding that it just helps them uh

like under- I guess get a better hold of

the process helping you become a better

patient advocate. Um it even says there,

like gives you patient and care team

information for easy reference during

calls, shows you what to do next uh when

it when you get a diagnosis or depending

on where you are in the process, talks

about what we know, um explains medical

terms in plain English, and gives you a

care log with recent updates and

decisions. So, I mean, this is a really

cool skill cuz obviously this affects a

ton of people. And I think it's it's a

personal issue for Peter. I think he

said that his he built this because of

his mom's situation and her diagnosis.

So, you know, if this helps even one

more person, which it'll help a ton of

people. It's got looks like a 100k plus

views, then

this will be a really really cool thing

for him to do.

>> I feel like I need something like this

just for my own medical

use. I don't have any issues, but when I

go to the doctor, I don't keep track of

things. I don't know what to ask. And I

can understand when you have cancer, it

becomes harder still.

>> Yeah.

>> We've got all this and so much more

linked below so that you can see it. And

then also don't forget to subscribe to

Corey and to this channel. And if you

like these, we've got these unbelievable

They're always unbelievable every week

collection of AI launches that I think

you missed. It's right there on the

screen. We'll see you in that one

together.




** Video: His project went viral this week (ID: gznB0MQclhY) **

This guy spent 3 hours live coding a

website and now it's doing $212,000.

This is how he did it and how maybe you

can too. Presented by Zapier, the AI

automation company. Jonathan, how long

did it take you to build the site?

>> Like 3 hours for the initial version.

>> Oof. How much revenue has it produced so

far for you?

>> $212,000.

>> How does Outbid work?

>> Uh it's a super stupidly simple idea.

You just have to bid more than the than

the current rank to basically outbid

them and take the rank. So,

uh right now to rank number one you

would have to pay uh $17,005

and then they can just claim the top the

top rank.

>> And so, seed.io paid $17,000. What did

they get for it?

>> Attention. Uh I mean, that's what it's

all about today. Uh you have to get your

product or people want to get their

product in front of

in front of as many eyes as possible.

And so, this is what it gives them

because the site had like 3.3

million visitors in the last 5 days.

>> I see it at the top. I love how you put

all your stats publicly, like how much

revenue you're making. I mean, that's

part of the problem that we're going to

investigate in a moment. But, um

so there's there be they've gotten

30,189

clicks

for our being on top there.

That's incredible. Are people actually

getting customers from this?

>> Uh they do. Uh so, I've actually quoted

some of them here who shared some of the

results um

on X. And so, uh for example, Crowd

Reply, they got like uh 50 demo calls uh

set up only from the link that they put

here. So, they've been ranking in the

top 10 uh for a while now. So, they're

currently uh ranked number six. And so,

uh that gives them gave them a lot of uh

return on their investment.

>> What app are you looking at?

>> That's actually Cursor. So, uh that's

what I'm using for uh most of my coding.

And I really love that you have

basically uh side by side the chat, the

uh all of the the files if you need

them. You have a terminal here and

obviously you have a live preview of

what's going on.

>> I've been really wanting to switch over

to Cursor, especially. I mean, I've got

the big subscription now because of Grok

Bot, and so I see how well you're using

it. It's very exciting. Can I see that

message to kick this whole thing off?

>> Of course. So, this is uh actually this

has been done by uh a voice prompt. So,

it some of the things in here, as you

can see, I wanted to tell it Chat CNUI.

Uh it didn't get that completely right,

but it

>> What's Chat CNUI? What's Chat CNUI that

you meant to say and you actually the

dictation wrote Chat CNUI?

>> Uh that's the uh UI library, basically

uh on top of React components. Chat CNUI

is a very popular React uh

component library or framework uh that

gives you nice head start on the

components.

>> Let me read this. Okay, I want to build

a very simple app idea. It should be

built on uh Next.js. I want to use Polar

as the payment provider, and we'll talk

about the issue you had with that, and

just use Chat CNUI for the UI

components. I'm going to style that a

little bit later on. So, here's the

idea. The app is going to be a very

simple ranking. Someone can add

themselves to the top of the ranking by

paying at least $1 more than the

previous one at the top of the list. All

right. Uh so, for example, if I pay a

dollar, okay, so you keep going. Scroll

all the way down. If anyone wants to,

they could just look take a look at

this. This whole thing is how you kicked

it off.

>> Yeah.

>> And then you're just chatting back and

forth with it. What are some of the big

changes that

uh that happened as you were chatting

with it that you didn't realize in that

first message?

>> The initial version was this prompt, a

few more uh adjustments around the

styling, like how we position the the

elements, how we show the fav icons, and

whatever. Uh and that's it. And then,

after 3 hours, I just shipped it and uh

got the first traffic.

>> You You the thing that I'm noticing is

that you asked it to build something for

you, but it created a plan instead of

starting to build. Is that part of the

way you work with with cursor?

>> Yes, absolutely. Uh so, uh actually,

when things are a bit more complicated,

uh I I told cursor to automatically

switch into plan mode. There's a setting

where I can say like uh automatically

switch between create and plan mode

based on uh on the on the prompt.

Um and so, yeah, for for this, it just

asked me a few more questions like uh

I don't even remember what the questions

were, but I basically clarified a few

things before actually starting to

implement it. And so, as you can see

here, from there on, I basically said,

"Okay, we want to do a few more

adjustments to this, uh and so on." And

that's how it went.

>> You know, that's the thing that I'm

learning. More experienced creators,

developers, they do a lot more planning

than I do. I just have an idea and I

need to see it to feel it. But, you

don't work that way. You want the plan,

you want to think it through, and you're

forcing the system to make you get to to

make you clear clarify like that.

>> Yeah. I mean, usually, honestly, uh when

I work on more complex features, again,

this was a super simple idea. There

wasn't

like much to much to get wrong in the

first uh in the first draft here.

Usually, I use the plan mode very

heavily. I actually use like the the

grill me skill to ask me as many

questions as possible to get a complete

understanding of what the feature is

about, what I want it to be like, what I

want it to look like.

>> The grill me is from Matt Pocock's

skills.

>> Exactly.

>> Yeah, I interviewed him about that. I

see.

>> Yeah.

>> By the way, listeners, if you're vibe

coding like Jonathan, and you want to

give your users access to apps like

Notion, like email, like build all these

things into your tools, you don't have

to figure out how to do it yourself. You

can just go to zapier.com/sdk,

and they will allow you to add all those

connectors connectors, so your users

will be able to use the tools they want

in the software you built for them. Go

to zapier.com/sdk.

Okay, um and then within 24 hours, I

read that you had gotten something like

$21,000

in revenue, right?

>> Yeah, that was that was just crazy.

Like, honestly, I did not expect this

thing to to to make much. Uh I thought

it was a fun thing to do and I thought

like if the the number one rank is like

at a few hundred bucks, that that would

be amazing. I didn't expect it to go

this viral, but yeah, uh it did.

>> Was it just that one tweet that where

you said, "Okay, it's public, go try

it?"

>> Uh I actually stayed up very late. I

usually go to bed at 10:00. Uh I stayed

up until uh 2:30 that night. Um and so

it started with the first post uh that

by now has about 4.4 million

impressions. And um from there, actually

the every every item that got added to

the to the list to to the to the uh

leaderboard, I basically reposted with

their link on X. Uh and so from there it

started to to take off and like people

started to notice that there's something

going on. Um and then they followed up

and the traffic increased and increased

and like suddenly we got a few hundred

visitors on the side. And from there,

and that's that's basically this loop,

right? Um where

>> Right.

>> once the traffic is high,

uh

investing money into getting a good rank

there becomes more interesting.

Um and so that's where where things

became interesting.

>> So, is this just a dumb luck story where

there's nothing to learn except just

launch something and it might work, or

is there more to it?

>> I would say it's 99% luck with

>> Okay.

>> uh just 1% uh

execution here. Uh like, obviously, I

tried to make things not look like any

other AI slop website. Uh that's

something that is really important to me

to try to make things look a little

better and feel

uh a little more intuitive and and also

make it as simple as possible, right?

So, I mean, obviously there is not much

functionality to this, but I wanted to

make this as seamless and simple as

possible for everyone to use.

>> You know what I took away when I saw it

was, here's an idea, but unlike other

ideas that are just launched, there was

payment on it. If you want to

participate, you need to pay. And I feel

like a lot of our Vibe Coded products

are just creations that we almost feel

too embarrassed to charge for.

>> I mean, obviously this specific idea

doesn't work without charging because

to rank, you basically need to pay. Um,

but actually like I've been very

comfortable charging and like learned to

actually not be embarrassed of charging

people uh, through my experience with

uh, selling Superstarter over the past 4

years now. And so,

with that I actually like, when I

launched the first version of

Superstarter, it was I think 20 29 or 49

dollars and I didn't even think someone

was willing to pay for that. It's

selling at 349 right now and I still

think that is too low for the value it

it provides. And so, this made me

realize

uh, how much value there is to some

people

and that people are definitely willing

to pay for this.

>> I'm sorry, I don't fully understand what

it is. How would you explain it

simply?

>> Ultimately, it's a a code base that you

build your SaaS on top of to um, get a

scalable architecture with all of the

web all of the basic I don't want to say

simple all the basic functionality

authentication, payments, mails, all of

that stuff already set up for you so

that you can actually focus on the

things that matter for your business.

>> So, I don't have to figure out how my

users can log into an account kind of

like with Lovable, they just build that

in. Here you've gotten it for me. I

don't have to figure out how I'm going

to keep track of a blog and the

uh and the whole back end of a blog,

you've got that built in, mail, the

whole thing. That's it, and then I just

focus on my software. So, you launch it,

and then one of the first things that I

noticed was my whole timeline on X was

full of of knockoffs. People just

competing. How did that impact your

business?

>> I would say it just increased the hype

uh because people

something that people copy seems to be

in some way good idea, right?

>> Yeah, I guess that's true. And I even

saw it was a Temu who had bought from

you and then from a bunch of your

competitors. He goes, "Just bring it on,

and I want to see it." And then started

talking about it. And I couldn't

remember any of his competitors. That's

him right there?

>> he's still ranking. Yeah, he's still

ranking on number four of the overall uh

list and number one on the SEO list. So,

uh

And he also was one of the guys who said

that uh he probably got a really good

uh life from this. So, yeah.

>> I have to say though, I think that he

didn't he didn't make a profit, or at

least he didn't see a profit. But it's

weird to say I'm doing this and I'm

stupid and I lost money. It's much

better for him to say, "I'm doing this.

I think it could make some money." And

what I mean is I feel like he has and

others have an incentive to make it

work, to champion it and get more people

on the platform so that they get more

views for there, to show that they tried

something crazy that worked, and so you

should follow along to see how much it

worked. Right? There's like this whole

ecosystem now that you've created of

people who are supporting. Tibo from

Outrank, the a Crowd Reply people who

you showed, and a few others.

>> Yeah.

>> Okay. Um so, that's one thing that

happened. The other thing that happened

was you talked about using Polar, and

then I I heard controversy about them

wanting you off their platform, and

you've been thinking about switching to

Stripe. What is Polar? Why'd do use

them? and what's going on now?

>> So, uh the the main reason that is

problematic is because

their

fair policies

doesn't

actually allow for this type of

business.

>> Tell me if I understand it right. The

way that it works is they are the seller

of whatever service or product that

you're selling. People pay them. They

then pay you a licensing fee essentially

for getting to resell your thing. The

reason that people use them, and there

are other companies like them, I've done

interviews with them over the years with

companies like them, is it becomes a

real pain in the butt to go and file for

sales tax in each in each state

>> Exactly.

>> to do whatever is required in each

country. And so, they say, "Listen, why

should every company have to go through

these hoops? We'll do it one time, and

then you don't even have to bother with

it. We'll be the seller, and we've got

all these sales tax setups in in place

for it, right?" That's what it's about.

But, then they have restrictions on what

they could do because they are the

seller, and they're the ones who are on

the hook for refunds. They're the ones

who are who are repping that this thing

is all legitimate instead of just being

the the go-between, right?

>> Exactly. So, yeah.

That's that's basically the the tax, and

especially as someone who is selling

internationally,

that is something that is that is really

painful, and I'm really thankful that

they offer this service.

And so, honestly, I think I not

specifically with this or or my Super

Star business, but with any business

that is selling online, some people

complain about the fees that they have

to pay for the provider. But, if you

compare this to other businesses,

especially like in the like physical

industries and so on, the fees are

incredibly low if you compare that.

So, I

I happily pay the fees for having such a

great service to just take care of

all of this stuff.

>> I get it. I I personally prefer to just

go straight with Stripe and then deal

with the issues um that come up and I

don't think I have to collect sales tax

for the stuff that I do because I'm in

the US and as long as it's someone in

Texas where I am, I have to I think

collect sales tax. I don't think I need

to do it for other states, but I don't

remember. I don't I don't handle that

myself. [laughter]

>> Yeah, things are a bit more complicated

here in Germany, honestly.

>> Right. Are you now switching to Stripe?

>> Um evaluating that right now. I uh have

had calls with uh several payment

providers. So, um once I've actually

decided on one, I'll I'll let you know.

>> Okay, then there was uh over 85 clones

based on the search that I had my

Grockbot do. Then there's a denial of

service attack that happened one day

while you slept. What happened there?

>> As I've been told uh by Vercel, uh a

huge botnet actually uh hammered

requests on the side for whatever

reason.

Um and so uh because uh for for my own

safety, I had uh put spend limits in

place

uh that would pause the site in case uh

the the

uh bill uh just goes too high. Uh

basically reached those spend limits and

as I told the app as I told Vercel to

do, they uh paused the site.

>> Yeah.

>> This happened while I was asleep. So, uh

we got a uh a small downtime here. Uh

luckily, Vercel actually reacted while I

was asleep and uh

and put the site back online. Uh and

because it was uh something that um was

on their side, they uh they also refund

me the like the amount that that has

been caused by this bot attack. Um

because it should have been catch by

their firewall and so since then I'm

basically

um

in uh in contact with Vercel to uh to

avoid further uh

uh occurrences of this and uh keep the

site online.

>> Yeah, I um

I heard [clears throat] Vercel CEO

stepped in and said, "Hey look, this is

not right. We'll take care of it."

>> Yeah. Honestly, for me, this is exactly

the reason why I went with Vercel

because I think

like if I would have if if I had hosted

this my myself,

this site wouldn't probably be online

anymore because

this is just something I don't want to

care about. I just want this I just want

someone to take care of that.

>> I also read that your analytics broke

and then you switched to Data Fast. What

did you use and what is Data Fast?

>> I was I was using

a service called The Metric. It It

didn't seem to like expect this much

traffic because at some point I think

someone shared the link to outwith.lol

on Hacker News. And like within

an hour or so, there were like 400,000

visitors on the site and so the

analytics provider just crashed.

And yeah, I

switched to to Data Fast hoping that

this was more stable and actually it is.

And so I've been using it since then.

Actually, I'm using like the live API of

Data Fast to show the the live visitor

counter and like the the total visitor

count here. So that's pretty nice.

>> The thing that everyone's been

comparing you to is million dollar

homepage and we know how far Alex has

gone. He went on to build calm.com. Like

people at the time thought, "Oh, a guy

who happened to luck into this thing.

He's not very smart but he happened to

have just stepped in like in stepped in

it and it did well." And we've seen over

the years the dude is super smart.

>> I did not know about the million dollar

website and if I had known, I would

probably not have built this because I

felt like a copycat of that. So actually

someone like when I launched this and

the first visitors came on, someone

messaged me on X and said, "Hey, this

looks like the million dollar website."

And I was like, "What is that?" And so

you know, the the the funny thing is if

I had known about it, I probably

wouldn't have launched this. So

that's my luck that I that I didn't

know.

>> I'm glad that you did and you use Matt

Pocock skills you mentioned the grill me

skill specifically. I've got a video

right here with Matt and I'll see you

all there as a follow up to this if

you're building you need to see that.

>> I'm going to watch that right after the

call.




** Video: New: your agent lands customers (ID: UNN6dLt5dPI) **

No subtitles available for this video.



** Video: Top 10 GitHub: AI videos, gorgeous diagrams, token savings and more (ID: SQrFue3LbwI) **

No subtitles available for this video.



** Video: Free Grok Bot and all of this week’s news (ID: PdM8YNuLEgc) **

I've got a free version of the bot that

everyone's talking about that costs 200

bucks a month. You ever look back at

your day and say, "What did I get done?"

I've got an agent that will tell you

exactly what you got done every single

day. And someone built a second brain

that remembers everything that's on your

computer and makes it accessible to

every agent you're using. All that and

so much more coming up. Presented by

Zapier, the AI automation company. All

right, Corey.

First thing this week, everyone's been

talking about Grok bot and how amazing

it is, but they're also talking about

how it's 200 bucks. In comes a company

called Inbox Zero and they created a

free version of it that you can just run

on your computer and use whatever model

you want. You don't have to use the Grok

model.

What do you think of this?

>> I think this is going to be appealing to

a lot of people because I think people

don't like being locked into the Grok

models, even though they are really good

and I've gotten a lot better.

>> Mhm.

>> And they don't like having to pay, you

know, 200 or 300 dollars a month for the

Cursor or the Grok heavy subscription to

be able to use it. And this looks

identical, so I think this is going to

take off for sure.

>> I even like how they have your own

remote computer in here, which I think

is is beautiful. They're going to make

money from this by having an eventual uh

hosted version. So, if you don't want to

run it on your computer, you'll be able

to do it there and it'll still be

cheaper than Grok. And if you want, you

can just get it directly from um from

GitHub.

>> Yeah, and so as you're watching this

episode here, leave a comment below with

what your favorite news story or tool is

from this week. It helps us decide uh

which ones we should include next week

and we always like to see which ones

resonate with you guys the most.

>> Speaking of, everyone is now realizing

that bot mode, meaning like having these

agents with names and specific

functions, is the way to go. And even

Hermes agent added it. What do you think

of this whole idea of in addition to

messages, which you can see on the left

side here, uh they're doing bots

as an interface.

>> Yeah, so it seems like they're every it

seems like this is where everything is

going. Like everybody's kind of

following this trend because I think

people really like the idea of like oh I

have a a bot that just does my grocery

ordering or it just does my you know XYZ

task. Cuz I think for the I think for

agents to really get mass adoption it's

got to be that way. Like I think the

average person can't think of an a bot

that does like all their finance or all

their marketing or whatever. So by

making them super specialized that's

what I think makes it more easy for

people to kind of grasp in their minds

as far as how they would use them. If

that makes sense.

>> I hope Codex adds us in very soon.

>> Oh that'd be great.

>> Meridian.

Here's what this is. You ever look back

at the end of the day and you say man

I'm so tired but did I even do anything?

What did I do? And should I be doing all

of it or maybe some of it I should be

sending over to other people. Meridian

is a tool that will sit on your desktop.

In fact here I'm going to show it on

GitHub because they've got this

beautiful video here. And throughout the

day it's just kind of watching what

you're doing.

And then at the end of the day you say

okay tell me. It will rewind your day

and it will put together a calendar of

what you did. And if you are using uh

like a daily standup, if you're using a

channel on Slack to report what you did,

it will make it easy for you to pick the

things that you want, copy and paste

them into your daily standup. Like here

on left you might check off that you

shipped activity feed and then it goes

directly into the daily standup. I think

beyond just team sharing it's good to

look back on your day and see what you

did and I like then being able to give

this to my agent and saying

what should I not spend time on or what

am I where am I wasting my time? Where's

my time going?

>> Yeah I think this is a really good way

to like one hold yourself accountable so

that you at the end of the day it's like

you know did I do the things that move

the needle or did I just do a bunch of

busy work? And to your point like when

especially when Open Claw was first

getting big that's one of the things I

had my Open Claw do is send me a report

at the end of the day of everything that

we worked on.

The the problem with that is it only

knew the stuff that we worked on

together. It obviously wasn't watching

me do other things. So all in all I

think this is good. I mean it anytime

you can get more visibility into what it

is you're actually doing, I think that's

definitely a net positive.

>> Really interesting idea. I like seeing

it. We'll have a link to that and

everything else, of course, below.

Klipdo, you know, I don't know if you've

done this, Corey, but I will say I know

that I saw a goat or I know that I saw

um

uh what's a just I don't I'm trying to

think of a of a thing that I've seen or

a place that I've been. With Apple

Photos, I can just go in and say show me

that. Show me goats and I could find a

goat. I know what it was. I was actually

going to rehome our goats and so I said

show me pictures of my goats and I got

to see pictures of my goats in time. I

was going to list my lawn mower cuz

we're moving to Mexico and I can't have

the driving lawn mower with me in

Mexico. I said show me pictures of my

driving lawn mower and it showed me the

whole thing.

Well, I would like to be able to do that

for aspects of video. Show me something

within a video. Show me something in a

meeting. Show me something in my docs,

in screenshots on my computer. Well,

that's what Klipdo is about. It will

actually go through all your data

on your own desktop so you have privacy,

organize it, tell uh record what's in

the videos, what's in the meetings, what

happened in the voice memos that you

wrote, and have it be accessible not

just within its app, but within the

tools like Code X, like Chat GPT,

Cursor, etc. that you use so they all

have the ability to search.

>> So, this is this is almost like a this

is one of those solutions that we're

seeing around like a second brain.

That's kind of what it looks like.

They're trying to just give you the

ability to just like go about your daily

life and work and then your second brain

kind of builds itself and compounds on

itself. I mean when we were first

discussing this before we hit record,

the um you know, the thing that came to

mind for me is like the other day I was

looking for a YouTube video that I

watched like I couldn't find it

anywhere. I spent like 10 minutes

searching and it sounds like Klipdo will

be like, "Oh, yeah, like I've got the

exact snippet of that video if you just

describe it." And then it can just like

send you the link. So, that was the kind

of the basic use case that I had in

mind. But, now that we're talking

through it, it's like, oh, this is this

is almost like a second brain type

solution.

>> Yeah.

>> So, that to me I think obviously has a

lot more utility than just like, oh,

what's the YouTube video I was looking

for?

>> Uh you and I both saw this guy. You want

to tee this up?

>> Yeah, so this this one's really cool.

So, this guy his I think it's his sister

or it was like his mom had had a problem

I think in her medical practice or in in

whatever business she's in. So, he just

vibe coded her a very simple solution.

Uh said that he was not able to find any

clients for the first 2 months. So, he

went all in on SEO.

Found out that people were reading his

articles, but they weren't converting

and then sure enough one day he got two

paid customers in one day. One from I

think chat GPT search and one from

Google search. And this is a tool that

again he just noticed a problem that his

family member had. He vibe coded a

solution. He implemented some SEO

techniques and then he got some paying

clients from that. So, I just love

seeing stories like this.

>> Me, too. Uh so inspiring to see it. Uh

really simple app, too. Know who's

working, pay them by the hour. It's like

a simple clock app.

>> Yeah.

>> People clock in.

Uh similar thing where someone had a

problem. What's Sunkit's problem?

>> Yeah, so this is more applicable to

people who are in the tech world,

especially developers, where you know,

you always need to be interview ready

because you never know when you're going

to be looking for a job. So, he

basically built an open source repo that

lets you store all of your like your

notes, your projects, your proof of

work, any sort of like up-to-date

information on the tech things that you

need to be up-to-date on as a developer.

And it's it's open source again the

he put the GitHub repo link available

there publicly. And it just seems like a

good way for developers to kind of stay

on top of their game as as they move

throughout, you know, their daily life

and work.

>> Yeah, the way that he laid it out is

really beautiful here. So, this is one

on, let's say, operating systems. I can

hit start learning and see all 11

topics. The way that he laid it out is

beautiful. It's

uh clean. I can see using this for other

topics, too. And he made it available,

like you said, on GitHub. All right.

This I just really It took me a while to

get what this was, and then you

explained it to me, and then I got

excited about it. It

>> Yeah, so this is really cool. So, I'm

sure a lot of people listening to this

saw the like the the Codex like remote

control, the piece of hardware that they

came out with a a month or two ago. It

sold out like right away. And what that

is is it's basically just like a again,

it's like a TV remote, but for Codex. It

just sits on your desktop. And so, what

this guy did is he

built his own version of that, but

instead of it being a physical piece of

hardware, it's just an iPhone app. So,

it's kind of like like we said, it's

just like a remote control for Codex

that sits in your phone. So, you can

from your phone switch your computer to

voice mode or switch to a different chat

or fork, you know, fork a working

session. Like, it's just really cool

what you can do. And if you're a Codex

power user, this is a no-brainer.

>> Yeah, all the buttons right there. In

fact, you could put whatever buttons you

want on speed dial, hit them, and then

you get to go with it. Want to talk?

Just hit the button and start talking.

Want to split it? Hit the button. And I

love how customizable it is.

I totally get it. It makes so much

sense.

All right, final thing is this

collection.

Somebody took Somebody ba- made a site

called botdirectory.ai,

where you can list the different bots

that you've built on Grok Bot. And I

think this is applicable way beyond Grok

Bot. To just see someone set up and then

be able to import it into your agent and

say, "I want the same thing." Makes so

much sense. Like, here's one that's an

accounting expert.

They have a prompt, and then it will

connect to these tools to get it to take

action. All you have to do is copy this

prompt and give it to a new bot on Grok

on Grok bot, and it'll set itself up as

your accounting expert. But, even if

you're not using it, the prompt is

fairly simple. The process and the work

that they're getting this agent to do

makes total sense. You can give this to

Codex. You can do all of these things on

uh on just about any agent. What's

interesting to me is seeing this

collection of agents that people have

built and how they're using these agents

and what plugins are using it for. Like

here, this AI video generator, they're

using AI Tuber. I never heard of it. And

this is how they're using it to to build

AI videos. Really interesting. And then

you found this, too.

Um

where where they put together uh where

AI Edge put together its favorite list

of 10.

How are you using agents? Like, what's

If you were to add to this list, what

would you add to it?

>> Well, so I would just add like any sort

of specialized task that it would be

nice to have a dedicated bot for, right?

So, I mean, a perfect example is when we

do the show every week. One of the

things that I do is I go into Codex and

I have it go and find 15 potential news

articles or tweets that we can discuss

on the show. And then obviously we trim

that down. But, it would be nice to just

have a you know, I of course I could set

that up as just like an automated task

in Codex, but it just feels cleaner for

that to be its own dedicated bot. Where

like the system prompt for that bot is

literally "Hey, you go out and find

trending news topics or cool stories

every week that Corey and Andrew can

talk about on their show." So, like that

that bot exists just to find us topics

for this show. That to me just feels

better. So, like that's an example of

what I would do.

>> Really cool use case of it. All right.

And as you all saw, we like to see what

you've built. Tell us by letting us know

in the comments or email. And now that

you've seen this one, we've got another

collection of tools that if you like

this, we think you're going to love.

I'll have a link to it right there.




** Video: He earns $5k building agents (ID: FIhj0yb9KPI) **

So, you're building [snorts] agents. How

do you get customers to pay $5,000 a

month for you to build agents for them?

That's what this episode is about. And

if you're not selling agents, you're

going to see the tools that make Hermes

agent and other agents so good that

customers will pay for them. All that

and so much more here. Of course, we got

chapter markers so you can jump around

to the sections that you need. And let's

get to it. Presented by Zapier, the AI

automation company. Nick, show me the

magical moment that gets a customer to

say, "I'm ready to pay you 5,000 a

month."

>> All right, let me show you, Andrew. So,

a lot of customers, they don't even know

what a computer use agent is. They don't

know about OpenClaw or Hermes. So, all I

have to do is I have to show them what

it's like for an AI to operate a

computer. So, here we're in Orgo. I tell

the agent, "Hey, let's open up Chrome.

Let's search up Andrew Warner." And then

you can see here, the agent just takes

over and it's able to operate the

computer.

And this is what matters for customers.

You know, in this episode we're going to

be talking about how to sell 5K a month

agents to businesses. And you have to

capture their attention in a way that

makes sense. There's so much noise with

AI and no one knows what you're talking

about. But when you show an agent

operating a operating a computer just

like we do, clicking around, typing in

the browser, that clicks with them. They

get it. And now they see all the

opportunities in the ways that they can

use this in their business.

>> Okay. Chat on the left, computer use on

the right, the agent is using the

computer. I see it all in Orgo is a

company that gives agents computers and

frankly also gives humans computers to

create agents which will then have

computers. It's basically the computer

agent connection, right?

>> Exactly. And that's exactly right. Like

even humans can use these computers. A

lot of our users, they'll spin up a

computer and they'll we'll see them

using the computer themselves a lot for

work. So, yeah, Orgo is the place where

you can spin up instantly as many

computers as you need. Uh and obviously

the intent is to give it to an agent so

the agent can actually do real, you

know, knowledge work with that computer.

>> For any agent at all, you were selling

this yourself, how much did you make

selling this type of service? Meaning a

jet creating agents?

>> So, I didn't have an audience. I wasn't

building Orgo at the time. It was

actually I was building on top of it. My

co-founder, I joined him later.

Uh I what happened was I made 7K in my

first month building AI agents for

businesses. And we looked at each other,

we're living in the same hacker house,

and we're like, "We should just work

together."

Um so, yeah.

>> you decided you're going to build a

software company, which is now Orgo.

Uh which is the software look we're

looking at. So, you've had customers who

will then go and get clients who pay

them how much a month to build agents

like this?

>> 5K a month. All of our users, majority

of our users on Orgo are building

agencies, and they're building these

agents for other small medium

businesses, mid-market companies, and

they're deploying these Hermes agents,

open claw agents into these businesses,

and they're managing it all for them.

And then they're they're charging like a

5K a month retainer.

Uh I just tweeted about one of our

users. He has four customers, 5K a month

each, so he's making 20K a month, and he

wants to use our scale plan to get a

million a year

uh by the end of the year. And he's like

a small town in Idaho. He just needs 20

customers to do that.

Um

>> Okay, let's talk about everything. We're

going to talk about the offer that you

make to get a customer, the stack,

meaning the software that you use to

build it, and we're going to show the

software that customers need in order to

get the agent for them. You're going to

show us more about how to get customers,

how to fulfill the offer, meaning like

it's not just set up the agent and then

walk away, and then how do you retain

them so that they're constantly paying

$5,000 a month because they're seeing

enough value. So, the first part of it

is the offer. What is the offer that

you're making that will get someone to

pay?

>> The key here with the offer is to make

it super simple. There's so many things

and variables you can charge for with

AI, tokens, security, usage, all the all

these different noise. So, we make it

super simple. We say, "Okay, we're going

to charge 5K a month. It's unlimited

tokens, unlimited agents, unlimited

automations."

Obviously, when I say unlimited, that

makes a lot of people their ears perk up

like, "What do you mean unlimited?"

The The intent here is to put them at

ease, solve their problems, whether it's

they need five agents or one agent,

the the key here is we're solving their

problems and they're paying 5K a month

for it, right? People aren't paying

>> But 5K 5K a month for Hermes agent,

which is freaking free. The whole idea

is it's open source, it's free. Why

would somebody pay you 5,000 for it?

>> These business owners, they don't know a

thing about Hermes agent. They haven't

heard about a Hermes agent, open claw.

>> So we're trying to make money off their

stupidity. They'll eventually be smart

enough. They're going to get a Hermes

agent, they're going to Google it, and

they're going to see that it's free.

>> I think it's like the same way a

a business owner can go make a website

for free, they'll still pay somebody 20K

to make up a really beautiful website,

and the free thing isn't going to solve

their problems out of the box. Like if

you built on top of these agents, you

know how actual like you need to spend a

lot of time, you know, really tailoring

these workflows and automations, and

it's like things break. So

that expertise is valuable, and that's

that's where you come in, and you're

managing everything for them, and they

don't have to worry about that headache.

>> I like concrete examples. You happen to

mention before we got started an

insurance agency.

Tell me about them just so I get a sense

of why an insurance agency would hire a

consultant to build an agent for them.

To do what?

>> So the key here is this, right? We have

an insurance customer, they're insurance

software company. So the key here is

their customers are insurance agencies,

meaning their customers are businesses.

And so, yes, coming to a company like

this insurance software company and

solve their problems with a AI agent,

Hermes agent.

>> Data automation, pulling customer data

from competitor platform, putting it

into their own platform.

>> Wait, let me pause on that one. So the

idea is this insurance agency has a new

customer. The customer had an old

insurance company that they were working

with before with data, with policies,

and so on. Instead of a human being

going and grabbing it, the Hermes agent

will go and grab that and then make it

accessible to the insurance agency. And

that's what they're paying for in Hermes

agent to do one of many tasks.

>> Exactly. One of many. And that that was

something that by the way, they said

would charge anywhere between 10 to

30,000 dollars for that data scraping

that they would have to do with human

manually. Like that's what the insurance

company would usually charge and now we

just or we're able to do it with Hermes.

So

>> Okay, we're going to get into like how

do you get customers and how do you

uncover things like that in a moment.

Why don't we take a look at the stack?

What is actually going into doing this?

>> Yeah, so the key here is like obviously

Hermes. This is the harness we use. The

reason why is it's the most reliable and

at this point it's the fastest growing

and they have the most support. So

Hermes is the the harness we use for the

agent. As far as what a harness is, like

there's the model and then there's the

tools and the kind of

everything the architecture around that

model. That's what the harness is and

that's what we use Hermes for.

>> Why not open claw?

>> Open claw, so I love open claw. I I made

the first viral open claw video. It's my

It's my big head moment.

And I love open claw, but it had so many

reliability issues in the beginning when

we were using it for businesses and when

Hermes came out it solved all of that.

And we haven't had any reason to switch

back. So yeah.

>> I agree. I have really been enjoying

Hermes agent. All right, Hermes agent,

email. What do you give Why do you

always give email to your agents and

what service do you use?

>> Yeah, so I actually use Oh, I don't have

it pulled up here, but I use Agent Mail.

So this is the company we use. I'm

actually good friends with the founders.

It's the easiest way to spin up an email

for your agent, period.

And you just give it an API and it's

able to spin up an inbox and have access

to it for itself.

>> I use it too. The reason that I like it

is because I don't have to log into

anything. The one thing I had to do is

go into my email and confirm some number

and give it to my agent to confirm I was

a real human.

The thing that I didn't like about it is

and this I see with everyone who uses

Agent Mail almost, on the bottom of

every message I send says it says sent

with AgentMail. I talked to the founders

that you can remove it. It wasn't

obvious to my agent. We didn't know it,

but definitely remove that junk from the

bottom of the message. Do you even use

um do you give them a custom domain or

are you sticking with the AgentMail

domain?

>> I actually so I actually stick with the

AgentMail domain because there's

something charming a little bit about

knowing that you're it's your it's your

agent that's emailing you. Like there's

something kind of off when it's like the

agent is emailing somebody on behalf of

the human. That's kind of weird. So it's

like rather than having the agent use

my, you know, Nick@Orgo.ai

>> Okay.

>> to email somebody and then it comes

across as inauthentic cuz it's clearly

AI generated. It's like give the agent

its own email. Obviously it's an agent.

Obviously it's an AI. So when it emails

and it's AI slop, it's like oh it's it's

like

It's it's it's different you know

>> not faking because you can't fake it.

It's and you're you're being authentic.

Okay. Next for iMessage. People are

going to be upset with me for talking so

fast, but I have to. Why do you like

iMessage and what service do you use to

give it iMessage?

>> So once again I'm not affiliated, but I

love the product and I'm good friends

with them. Agent Phone, they have a

really simple way just like AgentMail.

They have the simplest way to make a

iMessage for your agent. You just give

it a prompt. It's able to use the API.

It spins it up.

>> Interesting. So I don't even need to

have software on my desktop to do it.

>> No. No, you don't install any Yeah, you

don't even install any local application

or anything like that. You just give a

prompt to your agent and it's able to do

everything for you.

>> I had no idea. How much is it?

>> Uh so I think their pricing let me let's

double check. Okay, yeah. 150 for

iMessage. Now here's the key. With one

iMessage number, let's say you're

building a poke. You know poke? The

iMessage agent. You you text it and it's

like a assistant.

>> Okay. Don't Okay.

>> They

Well, with one iMessage number you can

support up to like 6,000 different

conversations. So you don't need a new

iMessage number for every customer. You

could actually use one and support all

your customers.

>> So, this really makes sense for agencies

more than for a person. What about for

an individual? What's the price on the

left? Three bucks a month for what?

>> Yeah. For this is like for their basic

like so it's not iMessage, but it is

like, you know, green bubble, which is

fine. Yeah.

>> Okay, so this is this is another benefit

that you can give a client that instead

of them having to go and sign up and pay

this much. Got it. All right. Uh then

for payment, you said agent card. What

is agent card? Why do you like it and

why don't you use it much?

>> So, I I use agent card. I tried it out.

Um I think it's still early. So, I'm I'm

still trying to get used to like what

the how how are these agents going to

pay for things? I I have a feeling that

maybe it's going to be more in Stripe's

uh in Cloudflare's direction with the I

don't know if you heard of like MPP from

Stripe. It's the machine payment

protocol, but anyway, I I think payments

with agents is still very early. Uh I

went to an event, the CEO of Stripe, he

said he still thinks it's going to be

three or four years before this really

picks up. But, if you want to give your

agent a card, you can do that um and

they can they can pay for things. Um you

know what? Stupid question, but why um

why why not just give it a credit card

in chat? Create a Ramp credit card with

a with a really tight limit.

>> That's what I do. That's

I use Mercury. I use Mercury and

>> [laughter]

>> and it's it's very API friendly. Yeah.

So, uh I actually I I think that that's

the simpler way. And with computer use,

it just can enter in your your info. So.

>> Okay.

Um

let's go on to the next uh the next

tool. What's the next thing that that

you need in order to set these agents

up?

>> I give every agent uh memory is a thing

that like with customers, if it doesn't

remember something, it just pisses them

off so much. And understandably. So,

it's like hancho.dev, they have a really

good we use this for um you know, really

good memory layer for the Hermes agent.

Um and yeah, it just out of the box, you

give it to your agent, it works really

well. Uh better than the more the

default um

Hermes setup. So, yeah, honcho.dev I

recommend that.

>> And it wait is is this a like a

cloud-based service that would would

that would host a memory? It is. Okay.

>> Yeah. Yeah, yeah.

>> I I don't know that one. Okay. Why we're

going to talk about Obsidian in a moment

once you bring that up and then why not

use Obsidian then? What do you need

honcho.dev and Obsidian for?

>> Yeah, so Obsidian is like is so a

knowledge base is separate from a

memory. Uh a memory is more readily

available. It's like uh you can imagine

like it's fast. It's like very

short-term. You can you can ask the

agent it knows right away.

The knowledge base with with Obsidian is

more like long-term memory. It has to

search, grab all the files, you know,

see how they're all interconnected and

so forth. That what is what Obsidian is

useful for. Um so, like long-running

projects or keeping up with like I have

in my Obsidian, this is this customer

name, this is their computer ID and

Orgo, this is what the computer's being

used for. Like that's what Obsidian's

great at. Um and visualizing. Mainly the

thing with Obsidian is it's actually

something that's made for us, really.

The agent could live without the

interface of Obsidian, but it actually

happens to be very useful for us to be

able to see it all the agents' work.

Um and then also there's some benefit of

Obsidian with the markdown and the

hyperlinking of it. Uh it is pretty

agent-friendly.

>> You know what? I'm still not

understanding the difference between

Hancho and Obsidian. What goes into

Hancho and what goes into Obsidian?

>> Yeah, like Hancho would be more like um

discrete facts. Like one-off facts. So,

for instance, like my birthday is March

29th, 2001. Okay. So, then like that

Hancho would remember that. Versus

Obsidian is more like project-based,

long-term-based of like

there's more than just a discrete fact.

It's more it's more nuanced than that.

It's more complex. It's connected to all

these other things, if that makes sense.

Um

>> I I think I might need to spend a little

more time to understand it, but I'm I'm

with you on it. And then you say Slack

and Telegram people still use for

connection at times, but mostly do they

What How do they like to interact with

their agent?

iMessage.

>> I think the the best place to start is

with something like Slack or Telegram.

Um Slack is particularly good for agents

that are going to be used by the entire

uh company or the business that you're

serving. Telegram is great for like more

of like an personal executive assistant

for the customer. Um and then I like

iMessage. I've been getting all of our

customers into iMessage because of the

simplicity and the charm of it. It's

like being able to just have no friction

and text your agent and it has all these

amazing capabilities behind it with

computer use and Orgo and everything.

It's like That I think is the winning

interface because of the simplicity. And

you can see with Grockbot like they

clearly copied iMessage's interface

because of that simplicity. So,

um I think that that is the future

direction.

>> It is really nice though that you and I

were in a chat message and you said,

"You know what? Let me connect you with

Dewey." And now you, Dewey, and I are in

a chat message and Dewey and I are just

talking to your agent and it's just the

same old iMessage and I'm kind of pulled

into that conversation. Let's go on then

to the next step. Now let's talk about

how to get customers. So,

you said that in the beginning to get

your first customers when you were doing

this as a service provider, you started

reaching out to people. Who'd you reach

out to and what was the offer?

>> I literally reached out to like I had 50

people in my contact list. So, open up

your phone, open up your contact list,

go down the list, and find either

business owners or people who are like

closely associated with a business.

Maybe they're high up in a business or

some sort of like, you know, obviously

close close to a decision-making.

Um and I went through that list within

the first day, I had seven booked calls

for that week. I made $3,500 in the

first week

um

closing my first client. I did the first

two to three use cases uh free case

studies just like getting getting work

done.

Um

and yeah, like I think the the hottest

uh the warmest leads are the ones that

are in your phone. They know you

already.

Um and and the way to reach out is not

to say like, "Hey, would you benefit for

this?" It's more of, "Hey, do you know

of somebody who could be benefit from,

you know, XYZ?"

And that's always like a good kind of

pro tip on that, you know, you just got

>> the XYZ?

>> So, with with us, it's like we want to

come into the business and solve the

problem. Like, forget AI, like we're

trying to automate and take away this

boring repetitive task that you're doing

already in your business. And the key

here is like, yes, we want to save you

time, but we also want to generate you

money. Like, can we do activities that

are revenue generating at the end of the

day? So,

>> What's a question that would get that

out? That would get someone to say,

"Here's a repetitive task that makes me

money."

>> Yeah, I always kind of ask,

so I always nudge them a little bit of

like or they'll they'll always kind of

give hints of of what what the pain

point might be, but I always use the

phrase, "What's your first itch?" That's

like my favorite phrase. Like, "What's

your first itch of something that you're

spending so much time on every day

that's like your it's clearly like

repetitive and boring and it doesn't

help you like grow the business?"

Or maybe it does, but it just takes so

much time. I always start there and I

always say, "Okay, what's the effort of

of building out the automation for that?

What's that relevant to the to the

outcome and the

the the the value of that, you know?

Um and then the thing that's the lowest

cost, effort, time with the highest

value, always start there. It's just a

good design thinking principle.

Um

>> Lowest cost effort, meaning oof, to to

create an agent for.

>> Yeah, like the lowest cost and effort

and time and the highest value, start

there and deliver it in the first 7

days.

>> So, they're going through all their

complaints and the things that take up a

lot of time that could make money.

You're saying, "Okay, what can I

actually handle and will produce money

for them?" I'm with you on that. Okay.

Uh so, that's That's you got your first

customers. Then you shifted to content.

Let me see. What what platform are you

on? Twitter is where you mostly put your

stuff?

>> Yeah. Twitter

Twitter's my main platform. It's just my

name, Nick Vassilakis.

And yeah, I have like this video here I

posted

about like a few weeks ago showing my

agent Dewey

onboarding another agent. So, here's

where the meta part happens, Andrew.

This is kind of crazy. Dewey, who you're

in a group chat with and you saw,

he can spin up other agents for me. And

the thing about Dewey is he's connected

to my Granola notes. So, he has all my

meeting recordings. So, when I have a

customer meeting, I'm talking to the

customer and they're telling me about

all their use cases and needs, and

they're telling me about the business

and everything, Dewey now has access to

that. And so, when he builds the agent

for the customer, he has all the perfect

relevant context to be able to build it,

you know, really tailored for the

customer. And in this video here, he's

using computer use. He's clicking around

Orgo

onboarding the agent that he just built

into Slack with the customer. Cuz with

Slack, you need to do the apps.slack API

to set up all the permissions.

>> much. I hate that stuff so much.

>> Dewey just did it for me. He used

computer use to do it all. And I was

just like freaking out. I was like,

"What the hell?" And so, 150,000 people

like that

uh viewed that. So.

>> basically, as you're doing cool stuff

with agents, you just talk about it, you

show it, and that's what gets That's

what gets you customers. All right.

Those are the two things that you do. Do

you do any out outbound cold messaging?

Do you have your agent send out email?

>> I don't. I really don't. I I think like

if you genuinely, you know, aren't good

on camera like for whatever reason like

you you just can't you don't have any

warm contacts or anything like that.

Okay, do cold outbound, fine. But the

reason I'm a little aversive to it is

cuz I don't like to sell to a cold

audience. When I get on a call, I want

the person to already know what I'm

selling. I want them to already know who

I am. Me and you, we get on this podcast

like we already know a lot about each

other because of content. That's a lot

of trust that's baked in and sales is

all about trust. So, it's like I think

that's the key is just, you know,

um

content and show show what you're

building, you know.

>> Okay. All right, I want to rush through

not rush through, but I want to pack as

much as possible into the next few

minutes here. Um then we got

fulfillment.

One of the things that you say is agent

needs to be spun up fast. How fast do

you need the first agent up for them?

>> I'd always get the agent up within 24

hours and then I get the first

automation solved within 7 days. So, the

like we just we just had a like a a

design agency. We built them their first

agent. Uh got it up immediately. That's

the easy part with Orgo. I'll show you

how to do that. Um but the key is, you

know, solve an actual problem in the

business. For them, it was a whole

workflow that they used to that they had

to do to make templates for their

customers. Um like brochure templates.

>> Okay.

>> And yeah, we had an agent that just did

every step of the process. They had a

whole SOP for how to do this and we have

an agent doing it now. Um so, yeah.

>> what? That's another thing you said to

me. Any business that has SOPs is a lot

easier to work with because they've got

these documented procedures that are so

systematized that human beings have to

act like robots to go through the

process. Well, now we've got actual

robots who can do it. Okay, and

>> Exactly.

>> And one of the ways that you're able to

do the first automation so quickly is

because of the templates that you built

into Orgo. What are Let me see the

templates.

>> Yeah, so here I'm in a workspace in

Orgo. You can see all my computers and

you can like, you know, quickly change

your workspace all all the different

customers that I have.

>> computers. Okay.

>> Yeah, these are real cloud computers.

Like you can like, you know, click into

them and and operate them just like, you

know, you normally would. So, we have a

templates feature here. I go on the

sidebar, I go to templates and you can

spin up a computer with Claude, Hermes,

OpenClaude pre-installed. So, I'll say

this is like Hermes agent demo and I'll

launch this agent and in like 10, 20

seconds, a full computer with Hermes

pre-installed will spin up. I don't have

to, you know, manually do anything. And

yeah, we can just like quickly spin it

up like that and no problem, no

headaches.

>> What's the difference between Orgo doing

this and all these other providers that

used to host WordPress sites, but now

are hosting Hermes? Why wouldn't I just

use one of them? They're cheap.

>> Yeah, with us, the biggest thing here is

like we provide a full cloud desktop

computer. So, right now Hermes is

starting to do more and more computer

use of clicking around the computer. I

think in like 3 to 6 months, it's going

to be like

your Hermes agent's going to play

Minecraft with you. It's going to play

Grand Theft Auto. Like it's going to be

so proficient at using the computer and

that's what Orgo's all about is building

powerful cloud computers for these

agents.

>> So, if I'm paying for a hacker plan, I

get a computer that I get to build

Hermes on. Does Hermes then also get a

computer to use?

>> Exactly. Hermes gets installed into this

computer and is able to use it itself,

which is really helpful. Yeah.

>> Got it. Got it. Okay. All right, that

makes it That makes a lot of sense.

Um

What's next then? What So, what else is

in these in these templated packages

that allow people to quickly create um

an automation for a customer?

>> Yeah, so like this one here, like

obviously it's spun up a computer. So,

when I go in the terminal here and I

type in Hermes, you'll see it's already

installed and I can just uh connect to

this computer here. We have our

connectors. You can connect to the MCP,

connect to the CLI, uh however you want

to connect with your coding agent, you

can do that. Um but yeah, it's very

simple to spin it up, have Hermes baked

in, pre-installed, and then the next

step is like, okay, once again, what is

this What is the problem we're solving

for the business? And start building

that process out with the Hermes agent

and just really just try and solve that

through and through. Um and you know,

manage everything very simply for them

to understand and meet them where

they're at. If it's Slack, it's Slack.

If it's Telegram, Telegram, you know.

>> When it comes to customer success, one

of the things that you do is you have

the Hermes agent that you have at your

business in a chat with your client, and

that way if there's an issue, they

iMessage you or they text you, and then

your agent jumps in and says, "You know

what? Actually, I'll take care of it."

And the agent goes and handles the

problem. That Is that what we're looking

at right here?

>> Yeah, so on the left here, I have like

this group chat.

>> Wait, so my chat isn't That's the app?

What's the app that my chat is

is in? Got it. Okay.

>> This is uh just iMessage. Yeah, so if I

text So, this is a group chat for

everyone watching. This is like a group

chat with me, Andrew, and Dewey. Dewey's

my AI agent, and I'll just say, "Hey,

Dewey." Uh but this is just to show you

like, "Look, we're in iMessage right

now. We had a full conversation earlier

uh with Dewey and Andrew talking about,

'Hey, can you spin up Andrew an agent?'"

And so

Andrew actually has an agent that Dewey

spun up for him and he could talk to.

Uh and it all happened here in this

group chat. And Dewey did a lot of cool

other stuff. You can say,

>> Okay.

>> He said, "Hi, Nick. What's up?" Um but

let me show you this. This is really

cool. Dewey actually made a a demo here.

He even generated thumbnails for this

YouTube video that we just did uh we're

filming right now.

And Dewey did all of this. Um

he just sent it here in iMessage, which

is crazy.

>> [laughter]

>> And then I said I didn't really I didn't

really like that, and I had a couple of

uh notes. Oh, I know what it was. Then I

said, "Take a look at my account there

um and based on that, see what you can

create."

>> Yeah, and exactly. Like he

he did it. He he looked at uh all of the

top uh performing videos using the VidIQ

MCP, which is like a way to view like

outlier videos, and then he analyzed the

thumbnails of them, and then took your

content and generated thumbnails for

you.

>> Okay, that was closer to it. I still

didn't love it, and then I said the

answer is I want you to look at the

transcript, and then based on the

transcript and the the VidIQ, we'll do

it and I'll go through a couple of

rounds.

Um but I like that there was there was

no balance, do whatever you want with

it. Okay, so that's how you do

fulfillment and then finally retention.

How do I keep a customer once I get them

on?

>> I always have a call scheduled with

every customer every you know,

one-on-one every every week actually. So

just getting up to speed of like, okay,

here's what we delivered. You always

want to have

uh quantitative like outcomes of like,

okay, this is how long this used to

take. Here's how long it takes now.

Here's this problem we had. Here's what

you said you were struggling with. Like

look, did we did we solve it? Did we do

that now? Just create like evidence of

the problems you're solving because

you'll get to a point where you're

solving so many different problems that

it's like you need to just like be able

to show for it as well uh and not just

get kind of noise

and drowned it drowned out. Um so yeah,

that's uh the biggest thing is just

you know, really just you know, nurture

the relationship. Like at the end of the

day, businesses want to work with people

they like.

And if you're good at communicating,

you're you keep you you stick you stick

to your word and you're solving these

genuine problems.

>> more specific about this because that's

true that's that's generally true for

everything. One of the things that

they're going to always want is more,

right? If you can keep showing them more

features, more wow, how did it do that?

They're going to sign up. Uh they're

going to keep saying subscribe. What are

some of the more features or the more

wows that you can give them?

>> It's there's always something. There's

always something new. So for instance,

um like right now with with Obsidian,

like every customer they all for some

reason business executives, they all

know about Obsidian. I don't know how

like they get on

>> You're right. These freaking people who

I thought had no idea that all this

stuff was going on are showing me their

I Obsidian setups.

>> Yeah, exactly. And then I'm like, okay,

so they want they clearly want Obsidian

with their with their agent. And so like

now we do it for every agent no matter

what, but it's like that's an example.

There's always something, okay, I want

want

um you know,

the newest Grok model. Okay, let's

change the model. Like, there's always

something like that that's new, that's

shiny, that they want to adopt, and

you know, whether it's relevant to the

problems they're solving or not, okay,

but,

um, yeah, you just have to always be And

also just hardening security all the

time, you know, managing all their

secrets and all that. I don't know if I

talked about Composure, but this is a

platform we use to connect all of their

tools, all of their connectors, manage

all the the off and everything here in

one platform. And sometimes things

break, like

>> Oh, interesting. This is how you give

your agent access to software.

>> Exactly. With one connector to

Composure, you can connect to all these

other tools that the agent will use.

Um, and this is a huge I love this

product because before this product I

had to actually like get the API keys

for every single tool we wanted to give

the agent, and it was just a mess.

Uh, but now with one connector, we can

do all of that, and we don't have to

worry about security or anything like

that. It's all managed. Um, and yeah, so

I love Obsidian for that. I mean, sorry,

Composure for that.

>> Okay. All right. All this gets

customers, gets them to keep coming on,

and it's interesting to see that there's

so many people who are reading up on

what's going on with AI that they're

ready to come to you and say, "I want to

try this. I'm excited about that."

Um, and if they haven't seen it, for you

to introduce them would be exciting.

All right, I got it. Um, and the website

of course will link to for people can

for people to go and check out Orgo.ai.

>> Cool.

>> All right. Cool. By the way, now that

you've seen this, I've got a whole video

with incredible use cases for Hermes.

It's going to be the next video right

here, and I'll see you in that one.




** Video: 10 Github Repos That Solve Your Token Problems (ID: BKAPj1OJ-t4) **

No subtitles available for this video.



** Video: Matt Pocock Built the Skills Repo Every AI Coder Is Using (ID: LMpMmOWTtVk) **

No subtitles available for this video.



** Video: SpaceX launched the easy ai agent (ID: rznGK-txQyU) **

Okay, so we just got GrokBot, which is

probably the easiest way that I found to

be able to spin up teams of different AI

agents that you can use from your phone,

on your computer, everything stays

synced, and they're always on. It kind

of feels like you've got Claude Code,

Codex, and Hermes agent all in your

pocket. It's super easy to set up. So,

let's just jump right in. So, what

you're going to want to do is go to

Google, type in GrokBot, and then click

on this link, and download this for

Windows, for Apple, and for your iOS

device, so everything stays synced

together. Now, this is super cool. This

is what it's going to look like. You're

going to have a ton of different agents

on the side, and you can talk to each

one individually, and you can have them

actually talking to each other, which is

super cool. Each of the bots have their

own computer, which is really cool. You

can sign in to a session, and it will

keep that login. You can record yourself

doing something on the bot's computer,

and then it will be able to just

replicate it like a skill, and there's

so many other things. They get smarter

over time. It's super cool. Now, in

order to try this out, you are going to

have to be on the Cursor Ultra plan, so

get the Ultra plan.

>> Actually, you can do it for free right

now. In fact, I have watched so many

hours of videos of people using GrokBot.

I've used it myself. We're going to show

you the best features at from the best

creators that I handpicked for you. And

joining me is Eric Sue, the founder of

Single Grain. He runs a growth agency

where both humans and agents work

together to get the best results for

customers. So, he's got a no-BS approach

to this. He's been doing this for a long

time. Let's get right into the very

first thing, and we're going to start

basic and then go into really cool uh

things that you can do with it. Morning

routine from Nate.

>> one of the bots, or if I want to go

ahead and create my own new bot. Now, I

have the ability to set this thing up

however I want. You can see right here,

it says, "Hey, good to meet you. What do

you want me around for? Research and

writing, something specific, day-to-day

work, whatever you want." So, let's just

make this agent like my morning briefer.

So, I just want you to help me every

morning plan my day and look at what I

have to do. You can see it says, "Okay,

cool. I'm checking what's already

connected, so I know where to pull tasks

from." And the only thing that I've

connected so far, if I go to the

plugins, is GitHub. I I to connect

things like Gmail, Google Calendar,

Slack, Google Drive, ClickUp. All of

these other things that I use, I need to

connect and it's just as simple as a

little sign in. But, what's cool about

that is if you connect GitHub for one

agent like my Klaus or my dev, then all

of your different agents will be able to

use that connection. So, they share

those plugins. It asked me where my

to-do's and calendar live and I just

went ahead and say Google Calendar and

and Gmail and now it's going to have me

actually connect those plugins. It's

asking me if

>> I'm just going to pause here for a

second. This is a fairly straightforward

way of connecting. You don't have to

figure it out, dive in menus, right

Eric?

>> Yeah.

I think this is a a good way of getting

people started with agents and I I ran

through the connectors when this came

out of a a few days ago and I'm like,

yeah, this is easy. If I this it's way

less complex than having to set up like

a Hermes or an Open Claw.

>> Yeah. Now, watch how easy it is for him

to do it.

>> If I want to connect these, it says

you'll get a quick sign in and then it's

a one-time setup. So, I'll click yes,

connect both. And so, it just pops up

like this and all you have to do is

click authorize and then you just do

your sign in as you would in lots of

other apps. Okay, so we just connected

Gmail and Calendar and now it's asking

when do we actually run these morning

routine things. So, it's weekday

mornings by default. I'll pull today's

calendar and anything important in

Gmail. I'll just go ahead and say 7:00

a.m. Now, what does this mean? This

means that your agents can actually

create routines and because all of this

is happening on the cloud, this will run

even if my computer's off, even if my

phone's off. You can see right here

created routine called morning day plan,

which shows up right here in the agent

section. So, these are the instructions,

build Nate's morning plan and send it in

the chat, look up current MCP tools,

calendar, Gmail, pull today's calendar

events, pull actual Gmail items, write a

short description, blah blah blah. And

obviously, we could tweak this

instruction if we wanted to. It asks if

we want a sample. Yeah, I'll say run one

right now.

>> Okay, I'm going to pause it here um

because a lot of what he shows he can't

really show on the screen. But, let's

just talk about this. I like that

instead of calling it a cron job for

example, they call it a routine. They

really made it more accessible, more

human, right?

>> Yeah. And I I actually I tweeted this

yesterday. I was like, you know, the the

main thing that sets Grok Bot apart Grok

Bot apart is one, the ease of setup. And

then the second thing is it it seems to

be a lot more reliable cuz the issue

with the setup with some of these other

agents is it one, it takes a long time

and two, they break a lot as you would

know.

>> Yeah.

Um I And I also love what he said, which

is it works in the cloud. And I kept

checking with it, can I shut my

computer? Like, I don't know. Like a

paranoid man. Okay, so I'm just going to

skip to the end of his morning routine

so you get a sense of what comes out.

>> This thing that I need to get back to.

I've got this call on Thursday that I

have to respond to. I have got this chat

invite, very cool. And then it's

suggesting things like use 7:00 to 9:00

plan day to clear this item that you

have, to skim this notes and prepare for

that call. Awesome. Your afternoon is

pretty stacked, so pick one of these

things, shorten your lunch and gym, or

move the gym block. Cool.

>> Okay, I'm actually going to pause it

right there. You get a sense of it. This

is the basic morning routine that people

have. Um I also like that it would

self-improve. Based on the advice that

it gave him, he could adjust it so that

it does a better job for him next time.

And it did give him advice.

>> Yep. So my take on it is I think this is

this is nice, but the the challenge with

Grok Bot, one of them right now, is is I

I think it's it's it's a great product

so far and it's just going to get

better, but people that are new to this

setting this up right now are like,

well, this is a cold start problem

issue, right? Where it's like, I don't

know where to start. And so they should

probably have some some recommendations,

but I think people watching your

channel, you have a lot of advanced

people watching. I would say you're

probably doing a lot of things in in

Chat GPT or Claude already. And this is

what I did the other day. I used my

Codex quite a bit. And I was just like,

hey, look, I'm going to move some stuff

over to Grok Bot. I want you to just

give me the highest leverage routines

that were There's that word, routines.

What are we running every single day

now? And I listed them. I'm like, okay,

give me the separate MD files for these.

And I literally just pasted the MD files

into each of these, and I have them

running right now. And it's it's running

them pretty closely to what I already

had, so.

>> Wow. Okay, here's I I also like to see

what people are doing because it gives

me ideas. This thing I didn't know he

was doing. He's having his Grok Bot like

comments from his people on his

community. Here it goes.

>> Go over to Klaus real quick. Take a look

at this.

I had it do the skill where it went

through my free school community and

liked posts that were for my 7-day

challenge. And here's what it did after

a one run. It said, "Okay, here's the

dry run. Here are the three posts that I

liked. Shout out to you three community

members. You guys are awesome." And then

it said, "Hey, here's something I

noticed. It's not very clear. I can't

tell very clearly if they're liked or

not already." And then it said, "Okay,

cool. I went ahead and I put open the

post before liking into the skill." So,

without me even asking it to, after it

ran the skill, it basically gave itself

feedback on what worked and what didn't,

and then it fixed itself. So, over time

it's going to get smarter every time it

runs the skills, and it builds more

context and more memory over time as you

talk to it more and as you do more

things.

>> Very much a Hermes agent uh

feature, which I love, the constant

improvement.

>> Yeah, I think the computer use pieces

still underrated because

>> Wait, we're going to get to that next.

Here, in fact, let me show everyone. I I

agree with you. This is the part that's

so exciting.

>> What part? If you look up in this top

right corner right here, there's this

little computer icon.

>> I'm going to pause it. You can also see

it on your phone, by the way.

>> If I click it, you can see it actually

spun up its own environment, its own

operating system, and it was looking on

amazon.com for me. And so, this is fully

usable. Like, I can move this around.

This is Linux, I believe, Thunar file

manager.

And it is a full computer, and every

single bot that you spin up has its own

full computer. And the cool thing is,

even though every single agent spins up

its own fresh environment, they share

authentication. So, you only have to log

in once. So, if I log in to Amazon now,

and then I spin up another agent and

open up Amazon, it will also already

have been logged in. So, I can continue,

I can do work myself. I can use this

just like I would use any computer and

it's really, really easy. And then the

>> Okay, what were you going to say?

>> I was just going to say the computer use

piece is huge because when I use Codex

app, it's I I'm literally letting it run

complete recruiting funnels and it's

doing such a great Literally, we've

hired some of these people in the last

few weeks. And so, but the challenge

with Codex is like mine at my my Codex

app doesn't work right now. The desktop

app doesn't work because they've had

some bugs with it. And so, the big power

with with Grok Bot is that it's it's

always on. You have this little these

little mini virtual machines. And the

fact that you said you can run it on

your phone, I'm like this is is this

something to me is like an obvious thing

you should be adding to your agent

stack. So.

>> So good. I I tested to see if I can

install a plugin on it. I installed the

One Password plugin on it. And then I

realized One Password has a way to

connect with agents that is more elegant

than this plugin, but it was still

interesting to be able to add a plugin

and customize it. I'm going to go live

in in Mexico as I told you for a year.

One of the annoying parts about leaving

America is you lose access to things.

Imagine you do this and now suddenly

it's like you're in America and you get

access to everything. One other thing

that I saw on Twitter was someone showed

how the agent can actually go through

CAPTCHA. And I'm seeing a lot of

CAPTCHAs on here. My agent brings me

back in. I still haven't had my agent do

it for me, but I think it's interesting

that people are starting to see that.

All right, teach.

>> Great feature.

>> All right, so let's say I want to teach

it a task. Every single week I want it

to look up this camera and give me an

update on the price. So, all I have to

do is click teach task, okay? So, again,

I'm in its own operating system in its

own environment. I'm going to grab this

URL. I'm going to place it right here in

this spreadsheet I made. Then I'm going

to go back. I'm going to grab the price.

I'm going to paste it right there.

$5.99.

Okay? And so, then I click stop and it's

now going to learn from the

demonstration that I just gave it. And

so, let's see what happens. So, it says

new bot working. It's thinking. And what

it's going to do is actually create a

skill, a reusable skill based on what I

just showed it manually, which is really

cool. So, there we go. Saved. Log Amazon

products to camera prices sheet. That is

the skill. Open an Amazon product page,

copy the URL, switch to the camera

prices Google sheet, paste the URL into

column A. And so, it's watching the

video and it's saying, "Okay, you put

599 as the price. Let me update that

skill." All right, and there we go. So,

it's finished. Now, it also copies the

price. So, that's it. You can give it

anything. You can

>> Really helpful.

>> Right.

>> I feel like going back to what we're

just saying about everything being this

being more accessible, I think this

enables more people to become AI fluent

or AI native cuz I was just running the

numbers with with my CTO yesterday. I

was like, "Dude, beginning of the year,

my team was maybe 10% AI fluent. Today,

it's more like 50%." Um and it's I think

if we can get that number higher for

everyone, we're all going to be more

productive. So, this is this is exciting

to me.

>> The big challenge for bringing everyone

on board and you're right, this is the

for everyone agent, the cost. I am on

the free plan. The free plan is there. I

think they need a $30 a month plan. I

should also say about pricing that

I signed in to Grok using my Twitter

account. I paid for an account using my

Twitter account. I then went to log in

and it turns out the Twitter account

does not work there. It's the Cursor

account that I need. So, I paid on one

and then I had to shift to the other and

that's very annoying.

Uh definitely worth watching before you

start paying. Let's look at local use.

>> agent, but it can very much control your

local computer as well, which is really

nice. So, I can say something like,

"Tell me how many folders are on my

desktop." Nine folders on your desktop,

not counting hidden ones like {dot}

cursor. So, I can control my local

computer

>> So, can. The one issue that I found was

unlike using CodeX, which can actually

the CodeX desktop app will go and click,

it has its own mouse. It can't do that.

It's doing the things in the background.

It's essentially using terminal to

control your computer.

>> Yeah. I think it's very impressive for

their first go at it and you know, them

them having the resource they have and

and Elon being Elon, I think you know,

the the the main thing is like, okay,

let's just strip this thing away and

make this something that's easy for

everyone to set up and make it so it

actually advances work, so people are

actually make they feel like they're

making progress because a lot of AI

usage right now is a lot of AI theater.

>> Right. Yes.

Okay, and we'll get into whether this is

ready for a company like yours and I

don't think it is for one reason that

we'll get in later or whether it's ready

for the person who's watching us. Okay,

but Zapier MCP, if you're working with

agents and you want to give them access

to all the software you have, even the

obscure things that you didn't even

think anyone else was using except for

you, Zapier MCP will have the connection

and it'll allow you to connect your

agent for um with safety. And Eric,

there's one other benefit of this. A lot

of software will only allow you to make

one connection. So, for example, Codex

and this will only allow me to connect

to one tool. Um I don't even think this

connects to Notion yet, but one account.

What I do is I connect natively

sometimes to one account, then I use

Zapier MCP to connect to a second and a

third and a fourth. So, if I need Codex,

for example, to have access to my Notion

account for work, but also my personal

account, I can do that. And when I use

Zapier MCP to give that connection, I

pick what it has the power to do. It

can't delete my files like um Open Cloud

did when it first launched. It can only

add and do certain things. Okay. So, if

you want to try, by the way guys, go

over to zapier.com/mcp.

Next.

All right, let's look at plugins.

>> that you could connect like Slack or

Linear or email just by conversating

with your agent, but you can also do

that by clicking on this plugins tab.

And so here we can see all of these

different plugins that you can add

directly into your Grokbot agents. And

there's so many plugins here and it's

very similar to Codex and Claude code.

Here you can see that there's like a

remotion plugin. We could also let's see

like if I wanted to do trading or crypto

stuff, you can add like Revolut. Um,

obviously I've already added for sale.

So this allows me to host any app that I

create or I think I could do Cloudflare

as well. And just like the original

Codex, there's kind of this distinction

between skills and plugins. So all of

the plugins that you add here, you can

at message them. So I just added this

Revel plugin

um and I do see that there's an error on

this one. But like I could add mention

Gmail

and I could get it to control my email

just like that.

>> All right, we'll get it to skills in a

moment. I haven't done much plugins, but

what I found lately is it's better to

add as many plugins as you feel safe

with.

>> Yeah. It's just It's a little buggy

right now or just like I'll say it's

added but it's not added, but you know,

I'll fix it. So. I haven't had that uh

>> But if you add a skill, it's actually

this slash button just like Codex and I

could say something like this is how I

get to my scrape creators skill, which

allows me to scrape from any social

media.

>> So I put all my skills on GitHub because

I use different tools. My problem with

importing them into every one of these

is

I keep whenever I use it, I improve it,

I tweak it and then I don't want the

drift. What do you do for that?

>> Yeah. So I have a a private skills repo

that my harness is can access where it

has like, you know, there's keys and

things like that. And then I I sanitize

it for the public. So if I think it's

good enough, I'll sanitize it for the

public. But then we actually um we made

this little thing called skills Dojo

where we try to give away a lot of the

free ones

to to the public. So that's how I handle

it right now. And then I just basically

say, "Hey, add this to the private repo

or add it to the to the public repo."

And it it it's fine right now. I but I I

wish there's something better. So.

>> I know, there needs to be something

that's more user-friendly. A lot of

people don't understand how to use

GitHub, me included. I didn't know where

to go and share a repo until a couple of

months ago.

Um and even the people I interview, I

interview founders of tech companies and

they'll ask for one of the repos of

something that I built and I'll say,

"Okay, how do I share it?" And they're

like, "I don't know."

>> Yep.

>> I I There's There's a lot. There's like,

oh, what do you commit and merge and all

that stuff, but you know, I I think

we've made do with it, Andrew.

>> Yeah, I know, it absolutely it works. I

just don't like having it in any one

tool. I need it in one place and have

all the agents collaborate um with

there. Speaking of, let's talk about

agents collaborating with each other.

>> developer agent and and I can create a

voice message. Hey buddy, I need you to

talk to the content creator agent. I

need you to ask him about all the

transcripts for Riley Brown um that it's

pulled like my content on Instagram.

>> I'll just pause and say, he's doing this

from his mobile phone, very easy to

connect. You just log into the same

account and they're connected up.

>> And then I want you to take the

transcripts and discuss it a little bit

with the content agent and come up with

an app idea that I should make and then

I want you to make that uh app. Um make

it an iOS app. And so we just fired off

this prompt here.

>> I do love that he creates apps and not

just apps.

>> And now it's going to go ping the

content creator agent. And here it shows

messaged content agent. I asked the

content agent for the transcript dump

themes. I'll come back with an app idea

once they reply, then start the iOS

build. So my developer agent is talking

to my content agent and this is just the

iOS view. Let's go over to the actual

app here and I can see that they've

messaged each other. And you can

actually like there's like these like

meta conversations. And so here the

content agent messaged me and said the

developer pinged me for a content brief

to pick an app idea. I sent three apps.

So they're like messaging me and then

also messaging each other at the same

time. So I can click on this right here

and I can actually just see their full

conversation. So, hey Riley asked me

developer to work with you on this and

then I can see the content agent

response here. Thanks, this is exactly

what I needed. And now they're working

together. They're talking about the

pitch. They're literally just having a

conversation with each other, which is

just mind-blowing. And one thing you'll

notice that well while they're still

working, they're moving. So, they're

very static when they're not moving and

you'll notice they animate on the side

panel.

>> By the way, I also noticed that he has a

chief of staff. That's one of the things

that everyone creates. In this case, it

seems really useful. Matthew Berman said

that he went back to cursor and said,

"How do I address multiple agents? I

want to be able to do it." And they

said, "You can't." But the workaround

that they told him was to create a chief

of staff agent that then would

communicate with the others and you

could then tell it, "Go tell that

person. Go tell that person." All right,

I'll I'll keep it playing.

>> when they're working, even if you

collapse it, which I kind of like this

collapsed view right here and you can

kind of hover over them to see who they

are and you can message it while they're

working as well. Update

question mark.

And here you go. Look, it's building

this iOS app

and this is really cool and it's

literally building this iOS app. This is

the app that it's creating. Can you run

this with at Revel? This is like a

little iOS simulator that lets me run it

in the web, which is pretty cool. Okay,

so here they've gone through the full

process and they created this iOS app

and then it deployed it on this app

called Revel. And so, if I click on this

link, it'll take me to the app running

in the cloud. So, the app is loading up.

I believe this is an Android app

actually.

It's taking a second.

And here we go. So, we have this app

called ActionPad

and I can use it

in the cloud.

>> All right. I do like that he really

pushes the boundaries on these, don't

you?

>> Yeah, I think I think this is great. I

The fact that you can cuz most of the

time when you get an app with Claude

code or Codex, it doesn't allow you to

preview to this level, this extent. I

just think this again, this is just very

user-friendly. And going back to to our

our point earlier,

what if this onboards more people, this

is going to teach more humans to focus

on doing human work while letting the

robots do robot work.

>> It does feel like it's the more like

smooth experience. All right. So, we saw

a lot of this. We also talked about how

you can create routines, which are like

cron jobs. You can also create triggers,

so you can say when this happens, then

that happens. In fact, let's let's show

a trigger.

>> Actually, create an automation on a

trigger.

And you can do this by pressing this

plus sign right here, and you can see

when to run.

Uh and we can add a trigger. So, let's

say we wanted an agent to run

uh every time that there was a Slack

message in a certain channel. So, we can

go to Slack. Let's go to Slack, and um

let's go into the short-form channel.

So, short-form-videos.

All you have to do is type in

short-form-videos,

any text, and I can add instructions. I

can say, "Please summarize a message

sent here. This is an important channel.

Any

links should be included as well." So, I

just want to show you that you can

create and so we can say um short- form

monitor.

And I could ask the agent to set this up

for me. I'm just doing it like this. And

now we've created this right here. So,

now we have short-form monitor.

And so now, if I were to go into Slack,

and I would say, "Hey, I have an idea

for a short-form video about Grokbot."

And this should automatically trigger

this agent. So, I'll wait here until it

starts working. And you'll notice here

it is starting to load and the agent is

moving around, which means it's doing

something. So, you can tell which

routine is working because of this like

little spinny circle. And it should get

back to me with my latest response about

the short-form monitor post in the

short-form channel in Slack. And there

you go. It said short-form videos you

posted idea for short-form about

Grockbot. And then here it has some like

recent messages that I post in the

channel.

>> What do you think of that?

I think this is great.

The cool thing again is, you know,

recently I saw a company and they're

they're popular company that that most

people know,

but they launched this new workflows

feature where it's like, okay, you you

have to like map this out and there's

all these workflows, things like that.

This is not that. This is just like

there's just a couple things that you

need to do. Here's what I want to do and

you set it up like a routine or

something that that fires over and over.

But again, it's just less complex and

again, I just more accessible. So, I

think it's great.

>> Okay, that does bring up a few of the

shortfalls, a few of the missing pieces

that Riley Brown had. He said, "Look,

it's limited in the number of triggers.

So, yes, you can trigger it from Slack,

but you can't necessarily trigger it

from a Notion account, for example,

right? Like when a card moves into this

column." That's a potential issue. He

also said, "You can't really message it

in Slack, which means yes, you can

create a trigger like he did, but you,

Eric, have your agents in Slack with

your team and your your people don't

necessarily need to know who's an agent

and who's not or they don't need to use

another tool. That's missing.

And to me, that's

those two things, probably the lack of

connection to Slack, means it's a

personal assistant for you. It's not an

assistant for your whole team, Eric. Am

I right?

>> Yeah.

>> You're right. I just think it's it's

it's interesting cuz, you know, we're

watching these other content creators

and then, you know, it's it's within

their right to criticize, but we all

know that they're going to make it

better over time. And I think you're

going to be able to message it. You're

probably going to be It's Honestly,

it'll probably become like a Buzz type

of competitor as well, where you can

Exactly. You can collaborate with

multiple agents in Slack and and or

inside of this. And so, I'm not worried

about I'm actually I think the the thing

we started with again earlier, like if

we nail down one thing, it's like this

is very user-friendly, and the fact that

they're owned by SpaceX now, it's

there's a lot to like about it.

>> Yeah, I saw one of the developers at

Notion on Twitter talk about some of the

issues here, and he said, "Look,

essentially, this is really powerful.

How are people going to decide whether

to pick this or something else?" He

said, "I found it a little weird that at

Notion, we let you pick the model. Here,

you don't pick the model." But he goes,

"It's actually not been an issue." He

did say at some point they're going to

have a problem with this because you

can't just stare at the screen and watch

a little squiggly thing move. What you

want to see is the work that it's doing.

And at Notion, they tried to eliminate

the the task list, the stuff that looks

too techy in the background. People felt

anxious just watching. He thought that

they might bring that back. But

essentially, we are looking at a world

where they're all competing and

competing with each other. Let's take a

look at, speaking of other agents, and

then we'll do our own comparison what

you think

who you think this is for and who it's

not. I want to close out with my man

Alex Fan, who gets hopped up and excited

about anything agent-related, especially

Hermes. But let's see what he thinks

about this.

>> So, the question becomes this, does it

replace Hermes and Open Claw? I will say

this, if you want an out-of-the-box

experience where you just open up and

you immediately start getting

productivity done, no kind of tinkering,

model selection, harness selection, UI

setup necessary, then I would say

GroqBot is the best. It just works out

of the box. There's no crazy setup

needed. There's no crashing. Right? That

is really the challenge with Hermes and

Open Claw is there's tons of setup and

tinkering need to be done. And if you're

not super technical, it becomes

challenging. And it

>> By By I hate when they do this.

In none of his Hermes videos when he's

excited does he complain about how

technical and difficult it is. It's

like, "Come on, Wes Boy, you've got to

learn how to do this or else you'll be

part of the permanent underclass. Not so

hard." And now when we're talking about

here, we can get real and say, "Hermes

is a pain to use. There are challenges."

Okay, I'll let him finish.

>> We'll crash a lot. Grok Bot just works

out of the box and helps you out

immediately. Now, the downside to that,

the downside to not being open source or

tinkering, is that this isn't going to

be as customizable. I can customize

Hermes and Open Claw literally any way I

want. It's completely open source. If I

wanted to make it powered by an open

source model, if I want to change how

the UI works, if I want to change

something under the hood, I can do that.

You can't really do that with Grok Bot.

But for like 90% of people who don't

need to do those things, who just want

like a a fleet of agents that do work

for them, Grok Bot's going to be

perfect, actually.

>> Reasonable. What's your take on this and

where it fits in?

>> You ever play uh Counter-Strike before,

the game?

>> No, I've played no games except for

chess.

>> Okay, well I'll I'll give the analogy

here. So, like maybe you can have an

analogy in chess, too, but in in

Counter-Strike, you know, you have a you

have a primary weapon, you have a side

arm, and then you have a knife, right?

And so, the way I look at this is

there are no solutions, only trade-offs,

right? It's a good Thomas Sowell uh

quote. And so, there's a trade-off to

every single one of these, and I'm just

like, well, if you can afford it, use

them all, right? And maybe except for

Open Claw right now cuz they're really

behind. So, my thing is like, maybe my

my knife is just going to be the Grok

Bot, but I'm still going to use my

Hermes. My main driver right now is

still Codex uh desktop app when it

works. Um and and why wouldn't I just

use all of these tools at my disposal?

And then when I get Buzz, you know,

fully working, you know, I'll I'll I'll

just use it all.

>> I

I agree with you. Here's where I think

this one doesn't do especially well.

It's very single-player mode still. I

don't see a way to add another team

member into this. And if I have to wait

for them to trigger something that then

happens on my account, it just doesn't

feel like a good experience.

And I'll leave it with that. I don't

think you could put it into Slack yet,

but once they do, then I I could see you

definitely adding it to your team. Um

it's also expensive to run, but on the

other hand, you don't need to have your

own computer to do it. I would um say on

the opposite end of this is probably

Hyper Agent, where you can create an

easy tool which has some limits to it.

It doesn't have its own computer in the

browser built-in like this, but it will

plug into Slack, and it will work in a

way that your team can use. Um it was

just recently spun out of uh Airtable.

>> Airtable, yep.

>> All right.

Great. I'm excited about this, and I'm

excited about the future of it, and I

don't mean to put Alex Finn down when he

gets all hopped up about this. I get all

hopped up about this, too. I think that

there clearly like challenges here, but

what I love about our community, people

who are trying this, if we see the power

here, and it's so freaking fun to get

past the issues and to create something

that was never possible before.

>> Yeah, the the what the last thing I'll

add enter to this one is is what you

just said. Sure, I I think it'll become

multiplayer at some point, but the the

you know, I don't want my team to have

to struggle with Hermes. I don't want

them to have to struggle with all these

things, but if I can give them the MD

file and then tell them to load this up,

and then pay the 200 bucks a month, or

whatever it is, and and show them how to

do it, cuz we have a lot of these skills

already. I'm telling you, like even the

the the recruiting skill that we have,

it it does the job of a full-time

recruiter. And again, we've hired like

three or four of these people in the

last few weeks, and they're super AI

built, and it just follows all the

criteria that I'm looking for. So, like,

it could be single player right now. I'm

good with it, cuz it's user-friendly

where my team can pick it up quickly.

>> Yeah. All right, we'll leave it there.

I've got other videos for you to watch.

If you're If you're excited about

building agents and want one, I've got

one for you. See you in the next one.




** Video: Explaining The Week’s Top 10 Repos (ID: TlTUwzzJ_WE) **

You're going to get a tool that will

make anything you code look gorgeous.

You're going to get a spy tool that if

you give it a name or email address, it

will show you all the websites that

person is registered on. Makes me a

little nervous. You're also going to get

a tool for keeping your data so safe

that even the US government might have a

problem with it. All that and the top 10

trending GitHub repos from this week.

Let's get into it. Presented by Zapier,

the AI automation company. Okay.

This one I'm really interested in

because Adam, every time I code

something, all I do is I put the

flimsiest login screen that has the same

password. I shouldn't say this publicly,

but it is true.

Meanwhile, whenever I sign up for any

app, unless they have the exact login

that I want, give me Apple login or

Google login or GitHub login, I'm angry

at them. Why don't you give me these

options? And so, what this does is it

says, "Why don't you give yourself the

best possible login without having to

spend time and money to set it up?" It's

all-in-one package. That's what they've

done here with Authentic. And what do

you think about this?

>> First of all, it's a great name. I love

I love the name Authentic. Um

and it's uh this is this is a somewhat

confusing one, but but there's two sides

of this, Andrew. One side is, "Hey, when

I build my website, I want to have a

drop-down for login with Facebook, login

with Google, login with Microsoft."

That's one thing. This is one of those

services where if you're a company that

has 15 apps, you could say, "Well,

instead of logging in with Microsoft or

logging in with Google, cuz we don't

want to use Microsoft or Google, we want

our own login system." This allows you

to host a one like a one login

uh method so that me as a user of of

this like company's applications, I can

log into all of the apps with one custom

login. So, it's not about logging in

with Microsoft or Google in this

particular case. It's a business

creating their own version of that login

with Google button.

>> And then, do I need my own password with

this for it or can I also use I thought

I saw in the repo that I can even use

Twitter to log into this thing?

>> Yeah, so so this also then can link out

to those other services. And and you

know,

Auth0 is a popular one. I've

I've used a lot. It's very popular. It's

it's these same ways because these

because these off packages all speak the

same language, they list them up here at

the top. SAML, OAuth 2, OIDC, LDAP.

Because they all speak the same

language, they all end up compatible

with each other. So it's like this big

ecosystem of authentication where yeah,

maybe you want to create your own

password. Maybe you want the email magic

link version of a password, but there's

no actual password. Maybe you do want to

log in with Facebook, but then you

delegate access to all of these other

apps through this thing called

Authentic. So this isn't just a package

you would include in your application.

It's actually a server that you would

host somewhere in your organization.

>> I see. So it this isn't the answer that

I said for me individually using it for

my personal apps. It's if I'm doing it

with our team here.

>> Yeah, it's this is definitely, you know,

you've got 10 plus apps and you want to

share authentication

among some database of users for all 10

of those apps.

Now you need to look at something like

this. If you've got one app, you know,

you would go and do something else. If

you've if you're using Node.js or

whatever, uh I would say like use uh

NextAuth or whatever it's called now,

Auth.js. Um which gives you those

buttons very easily. But once you've got

10 of those, you're like, "Oh man, now

each one of these apps has its own

database of users. That's so annoying."

Authentic comes in and says, "No, no,

no, we'll be the one database of users

to help you manage all of your apps in

one spot."

>> Okay, that makes sense. This is the

number one repo of the week. Let's go

into the second most popular re- repo

this week. This is a security scanner

that fixes what it finds, and now it

answers in English. I I the explain to

me like I'm five. We've added that

recently. You pointed at a system

running your company's apps and it lists

everything set up insecurely, scored

against a standard auditors actually

site, and then it repairs a lot of it

for you. It's called

Kubescape?

>> Yeah. Th- This is This is a funny one,

Andrew. I I don't think we'll have to

spend much time because the people that

want this probably already know about

it. This is a very specific thing. It's

If you're already using Kubernetes,

which is this clustering, you know,

containerized services package, like if

you don't know what that word is, then

this doesn't apply to you. If you do

know what it is, you're probably already

aware of this and some other similar

security packages. Uh I think what this

this one has done well is it's taken a

lot of these features and it integrates

with every different part of Kubernetes.

Here's the observability part. Here's

how you create them.

Um but again, if you're not using

Kubernetes, just move on. Go to number

three. Uh you know, this one isn't for

you.

>> By the way, this star chart broke down

on me yet again. We used [clears throat]

to use that service that did star chart.

That broke down. I then started getting

all the data from GitHub. That stopped

being available, and so we're now saving

our own star data internally. And then

piecing this together. Um so, I'm

curious to see what people think of it,

and let's go on to the next one.

Material UI.

This is what will make your apps look

really good. It's a free kit of

ready-made website parts. We're talking

about buttons, menus, forms, dialogues,

tables that developers drop in instead

of designing and coding each one from

scratch. This is what the repo looks

like, but you asked me to prepare and

show this page.

Tell me about this.

>> Yeah.

So, there's a bunch of these UI kits out

there. Chakra is a popular one. This

one's popular. There's There's a There's

a lot. Uh I have been a staunch MUI

supporter for probably almost 10 years.

Uh we buy licenses from them. We've

supported them financially. I love all

these things. The What this is is you're

scrolling through it. It's all these

components. When you're building an app,

you're like, "Oh, I want a navigation

bar at the top or the bottom. Oh, I want

a card here. Oh, I want a pop-up that

has buttons at the bottom." You know,

you could ask your AI to build that for

you from scratch, but it's not going to

scale nicely on mobile versus desktop.

It's not going to be very accessible in

in the like, you know, blind, hard of

hearing, hard of seeing. Um that stuff

will screen readers be able to to see

this well. MUI has all of that built in.

All the components look really nice.

They're easy to template-ize. Like you

could see all these things are purple

here. Uh but you would in your

templates, "No, I want the default color

to be blue and the success color is this

like light shade of green." And so all

these components are just here for the

taking. Um and it removes a bunch of

custom code that you or your AI might

write into your application. So we use

MUI very very very heavily. For the

stuff that I'm doing, would I use it?

You know, you you could. It's It's uh uh

it can end up looking somewhat formulaic

because you'll recognize like, "Oh, I

recognize that date picker. I've seen

that before. I've seen that before."

Just like when you look at a WordPress

site, you're like, "Oh, this is a

WordPress site." Um so it depends on

exactly how wildly custom you want to

get and how much how many things you're

going to be changing. If I'm spinning up

any sort of internal tool or dashboard,

10 out of 10 times I'm going to use MUI.

If I'm going to do something very

custom, you know, that's like one-off

that really wants them bespoke, even

like see how you've like like organized

these things or angled little

differently. Like some of that is not

Now those are like customizations you

need to do on top of the MUI library,

well maybe you should have just built

that component from scratch.

>> The controversies that I've seen and

I've tried to put them together here in

the doc and of course there'll be a link

to this below is that the question of

what's free and what's paid. This is a

business that's putting it out. You all

pay for part. Why do you pay for it

instead of just

>> We pay for it because I love it.

>> Okay.

>> That's and I've used it so many times.

Uh there's almost nobody would ever need

to pay for it.

Oh, everything you need is in the free

version. I guarantee it. And there's

like two or three components. There's a

nicer table setup that's in the paid

one. I think there's some kind of date

thing in the paid one. I don't even

know. I pay for it because I love it.

>> All right. I should say we have got a

sponsor in Zapier. If you're using an

agent and you want to give it all the

power that it needs to access your

email, to access your project management

software, to access some random thing

that you thought nobody except for you

was using, Zapier has a connection to it

and they've got a way for you to both

connect to it directly with your agent

but also restrict the parts that you

don't want it to have access to. Go try

for free right now. Go to zapier.com/mcp

to try that. And I should say we've got

to add this in here. They also have a

tool that will allow you to build out of

all the software that you want into the

software that you're building. It's

called Zapier SDK. And again, you'll be

able to control what you want your

software have access to and they've got

it in there. Let's go on to the next

one. I'm really excited about this one.

I didn't know about these awesome packs

until you told me about it. This is

called awesome pack. It's a list um of

Mac apps. What you taught me when we

started doing this show was awesome

something usually means somebody's

putting together a collection and in the

collection

anyone could submit their stuff. I've

actually clicked in this and I found

some really cool software here. I mean,

I found a note-taking app that's really

beautiful. It's all software for Mac. A

note-taking app that's really beautiful

that is available on my Apple Watch, on

my phone, on my iPad, on the uh what's

it called down there? VR headset. It's

so if you're an if you're an Apple user,

I think you're going to love this,

right?

>> Yeah, I mean, I I love these lists. I

agree. I go to these things first,

right? Cuz like if I'm going to install

some random note-taking app, there's a

billion of them out there, right? And

most of them are terrible. So, it's nice

to have somebody that's curated. Here's

a list for you. Maybe here's a short

review. But even just the fact that it

made the list, somebody checked it over.

And and so, I'm I'm so happy to to use

these. And I I have a couple like packs

of apps installed like this, too,

through Setapp, through Parallels

Toolbox, a couple others

>> for Setapp?

>> I pay for Setapp. Cuz it's the same

thing. It's the same It's the same

impulse for this of like, you know, I

just want something that can convert

from inches to centimeters really

quickly, really reliably, and that

doesn't get in the way and doesn't shout

at me. And so, awesome. I I want to

delegate that decision-making to someone

else. But I I like this list, too. I

mean, are all these free? Are most of

these free?

>> Uh you know what? They're free in the

sense that at this point everything

gives you a really generous free

account, and a lot of them are free

forever. Many of them are open source.

What I will say, having gone through

them, I'm looking for some that I saw

earlier, and I just don't remember their

names. They're very well curated. We're

not looking at somebody trying to give

you everything. We're looking at someone

who has taste and a point of view, and

you'll be happy with what's on here.

Like, there was one note-taking app that

that was created for one-off notes. You

just take a note, it goes to you, and

nothing else. And I think it even gets

emailed over, and I've I've seen that

kind of use case really be be talked

about. And there's someone who created

it really carefully. And I don't know

why I'm sticking with note-taking apps.

Anyway, there'll be a link to all these,

so you can go and look at

>> I actually I saw the list there of of

like Markdown editors. I need a new

Markdown editor. I'm not happy with the

one I have. So, I'm going to go to this

list and and try one or two.

>> [snorts]

>> Next, System Design Primer. We're

looking at a free textbook. It's

actually more than a textbook for

how giant websites actually work. It

teaches it to you, and I think they even

do like the Anki cards. They do all

kinds of things to make sure that you

understand how these how these bigger

sites are built. And it's from what I

understand, it's being used by people

who are trying to level up their

careers.

>> Yeah, I didn't really understand as I

was scrolling through like,

why am I learning these specific things?

And And somewhere in here it's like, oh,

this is this is great for interviewing.

You know, if you're if you're going to

try and go and get one of these jobs at

a big company, definitely one of your

interviews is going to be around system

design, and they're going to ask you a

bunch of questions like, what happens

when you go to google.com? And then

you've got to think through what happens

in the browser, how does DNS work? What

is the network do is that TCP or UDP?

Like all these things they're going to

like pepper you with questions of do you

deeply understand how these connections

work? And And this seems like the primer

that that would, you know, read through

this in in the month before you start

taking those interviews.

>> I think the controversy on this one was

like, is this enough? And then also the

question about stars, how did it get so

many stars?

Um, I'll leave it for people to look at

it and see the negativity. I I looked at

all the negativity and I curated it.

>> [snorts]

>> I do appreciate here that this one that

you bolded, the vast majority of systems

are small scale. It's so frustrating

when someone that's like trying to vibe

code up some new app or prototype, or

even, you know, new founder starting a

business, and and they go immediately to

how would Google solve this problem?

You're not Google. You don't have

Google's money, you don't have Google's

quantity of users, or you're not as

global as Google. Like, do things the

dumb easy way until that stuff starts to

break. So, this is these concepts are

are interesting to learn, they're fun to

learn, but they're only going to be

useful in your job if you're working at

Google, Netflix, Apple, you know,

Disney, you know, whatever, any of these

like big big big organizations.

>> All right, it was actually a very good

discussion here. I think Hacker News

gets a lot of flak for being

aggressively anti things, but I thought

it was intentionally smart over there.

Okay, next.

VeraCrypt. I used to use TrueCrypt for

the most personal things. And it was so

good, I still cannot get into one of my

TrueCrypt

collection of of documents. And it has

so much of my history in it. I'm waiting

for something to let me open it up. If

anyone out there has a solution, let me

know. That's how good it is.

So,

>> [laughter]

>> someone created a TrueCrypt in

a disk encryption that's based on

TrueCrypt. It has been popular then

Microsoft cut off the developer because

they didn't do some kind of verification

thing, which then almost shut the whole

thing down and everybody got really

aware of how much Microsoft controls our

our lives. Um it is back because

somebody from Microsoft stepped in once

they saw all the outrage and and upset

here. Um

what do you think of this one?

>> Um you know, I've never used TrueCrypt.

I'd heard about it. Um

you know, does this seem like like why

would why would I use VeraCrypt instead

of TrueCrypt? Is TrueCrypt gone?

>> It's gone, unfortunately.

>> It's gone.

>> There's something about the developers,

they just kind of disappeared on us.

>> Okay. So, this is sort of the

continuation then of TrueCrypt. Is that

right?

>> I see. All right, well, makes sense to

me. I don't have much to say. It seems

like this this helps you encrypt like a

USB, like a flash drive. Can it encrypt

your whole hard drive? Like your main

hard drive?

>> I believe this can. Um no, actually I

don't know if it can. Um I take it back.

I know that you can create a drive. I

don't know if it will delete the whole

uh encrypt the whole drive.

>> Interesting. Yeah, I mean it seems like

yeah, this is the sort of thing you need

and if you like TrueCrypt. And again,

I'm like aware of the sort of brand

recognition and credibility of that. If

this is the continuation of it, then

awesome.

>> It was just so easy to use and I

especially got into it in college

because I wanted to explore my feelings

by journaling. This is like the lamest

thing for me to talk about here, but I

also felt so ashamed for the things that

I was writing. And it was all like, I I

want to have sex with girls, I just want

to fall in love with somebody and all

that stuff. I'm like, I don't want

anyone to know this cuz that means I'm

not enough of a man. And so, I needed

something that would allow me to encrypt

it and it just gave me the the really

easy experience that also enabled me to

have this the security that I need.

>> But don't forget your passkey. Is that

the lesson we're taking away here or

you're never going to get access to

>> 100% I I don't know what to do. All

right, one day I'll I'll come up with

something.

>> [snorts]

>> Next, Blackbird. Type one username and

see every site that that username is

registered on. It checks more than 600

websites to show you where the name has

an account. In the past I've told you

the stuff like this feels to me a little

bit creepy and then you said, "No,

actually we use it when we're

researching working with someone." Is

there a use to this? I think I saw you

wince there, so maybe not.

>> So, it's funny. I Of course, Andrew, I

when I saw this in the list, I

downloaded it and I put a bunch of my

emails in. I was like, "Where where can

it find me?" And you know, I don't know

if it's good or bad, but for for my

private emails, it really only found me

on two or three innocuous sites. Like,

"Oh, Adam has a an account on whatever."

It was Adobe or some like funny like,

"Oh, I don't even remember that I have

that account. That's not useful." So,

it's like, "Woo, it didn't it didn't

unearth any secrets about me." Um, so

that was a little disappointing in that

the list wasn't that into you know, it

says it looks at 600 sites, but it only

found me on on two or three.

So, yeah, I don't know. It's cool. I I

think that the use is like, you know,

let's say you're trying to sell to

uh let's say you're a service provider

and you're going after businesses where

where

uh oh, we know that they all use Adobe

and we help we have the best plugin for

Premiere Pro for organizing video

footage or some weird thing. But who has

accounts on Adobe? Okay, we'll go and

plug in all the email addresses

[laughter] of your potential targets and

now it'll show you who has accounts on

Adobe.

>> So, it's it's email addresses and

usernames?

>> Email addresses, usernames. There might

have been one other filter, but don't

don't quote me on that now. And then

it's just basically looking up

apparently all these services have some

kind of sketchy way. Like I'd rather

Adobe not tell you whether or not I have

an account there, but apparently through

kind of reverse engineering the login

process or something, uh they're able to

pull out

um the fact that yes, you do have an

account.

>> Wow, okay.

Uh this one I can't tell why it's why it

took off. VeraCrypt took off because of

that Microsoft controversy. This one

just kind of took off and look at this.

No commits in 13 months. How do I see

that on GitHub?

Where they

>> Um I'm just looking usually through

here. So, 2 years ago, last year, like

the the those folders you're going to

see and then yeah, here's the full list

of commits. So, July 13th, 2025.

>> So, really I don't know what's taking it

off and

I'm on to the next one.

Summer 2027 internships. GitHub is used

as a live job board. I had no idea. It's

created by Simplify Jobs, which makes

sense. Every one of these um

posts links back to Simplify Jobs, but

it is pretty cool that they did it. So,

here you can come in and you can like

click on software engineer. You get to

see like TikTok. You get to see KPMG.

And then if you click, it'll take you

over to simplifyjob.jobs.

And you can apply there.

Clever.

>> So, what I don't quite understand

is this that Simplify, they already have

their HR recruiting system and they

said, "Oh, there's a bunch of people on

GitHub, too. Let's duplicate all that

stuff onto GitHub." Is that what I'm

seeing?

>> My understanding is that that's exactly

what they did. They recognized that if

you can get a lot of stars on GitHub,

that you're going to get a lot of

attention. They got a lot of stars. They

get attention. It's an interesting use.

You know what? I was at an event uh

where I was talking to entrepreneurs

who'd sold their companies and I asked

them how many of them had used Cloud

Code and Adam almost every hand went up

including the guy who had just acquired

a cement company and told me he hates

all technology. That it's stupid to get

into technology. He wants to get into

cement. Um, or concrete. I can't tell

the difference. Um,

and then I asked how many of you are

messing around with GitHub and you know,

I saw two I I noticed two things Adam.

Number one,

a lot of hands. I would say 40% of the

hands maybe 50% went up. The majority of

them were not like this like they were

with Cloud Code. I'm building. It was

like I I almost don't earn the right to

be on there, you know? Like I feel all

the time.

Even though I'm on it every single day.

And so I think that's what we're seeing

over here that this is this is a new

place where a new community where more

of us are coming in and simplify jobs

found a good place to be on there.

>> Makes total sense. It's a cool artistic

use of the platform in my opinion. It's

very avant-garde, you know?

>> Damn good. All right.

Um,

Go WhatsApp web multi-device. This is a

way to give AI your AI agent your

WhatsApp inbox and I actually had a list

of ways that you can use it here. Um,

but it's a here, let me click over into

GitHub. It's an It's an interesting

tool that will allow you to connect your

WhatsApp account to other things. So you

can for example control your smart

device at home with your WhatsApp. Have

your agent communicate with WhatsApp.

I like this a lot.

>> Mm, it's it's like the bi-directional

layer between my software AI and my

WhatsApp account.

>> Yeah.

So here, you can I I just like went back

and forth with Gemini actually saying

give me some ideas for what I could do

with this. So smart home and system

alerts. If you use a smart home software

or run home server, you can use this to

send yourself instant WhatsApp

notifications. For For you can get a

message when a security camera detects

motion, when a smart smoke alarm goes

off. Here's another one. Your own AI

assistant plug-in the MCP endpoint into

the AI client like Cloud Desktop. You

can ask your AI to read your recent

group chats and give you a summary or

have your AI draft and send replies. You

get an auto responder you might be able

to create call rejection, media auto

archiving if you want to save those

important photos. And I know that with

with WhatsApp you can on your phone, but

if you want to save it onto your

desktop, you can do that. There are a

bunch of different use cases like that.

That's what this is all about.

>> My my guess, you know, I I read through

this the the read me a little bit. It's

very detailed. It seems like every

feature you could possibly ask for is is

there including like when you upload

images are they uploaded at the full

quality or are they

are they compressed first? Like all

these little nitty-gritty things. And I

was looking at man, I think I'd rather

just use Zapier for this. Like I Zapier

has a plug-in I've used the Zapier one.

I've used the N8N one. It's pretty

>> it for WhatsApp?

>> messages and all of that stuff. They

Yeah, they do or at least they they used

to. I I haven't I haven't tried it

lately. Um but they used to and I know

N8N definitely still does. But as I was

going through this list of features I

kept thinking wow, they can do that too.

They can do that too. Like the

integrations with Zapier or or N8N

they're sufficient for sending receiving

messages, maybe images, maybe videos,

but they kind of top out at here's the

basic ways to interact with WhatsApp.

This is like, oh you want to do that

weird little thing that that is wildly

custom to you and you want to do it a

thousand time whatever that whatever odd

dreams you have. This is like, oh yeah,

no, I need to build a custom solution,

but I'd rather not build it from

scratch. And this takes away basically

all of that. It looks like it'll be

really really easy to use this.

>> I know a lot of our viewers just give

these things to their agents and say,

okay, give me some ideas of what I can

do. I feel like this is the one that

they're going to have the most use for.

>> Yeah.

>> Okay, next. Planka, free Trello clone

that actually just got into some hot

water and that's why it is now the 10th

most popular GitHub of the week, uh repo

of the week. It basically it looks so

much like Trello that I thought I made a

mistake and was on Trello. And I don't

know why people love this as

as much as they do, but they do. It has

an iOS app over here.

Um

the big issue was that they had moved

one feature, the single sign-on, out of

their free version onto their paid. I

think for most people here it's not an

issue. Honestly, I read through the

controversy on GitHub and I'll link to

it in our report. It's not an issue for

most people. I understand why the

company made this made this move, but I

also understand why there was so much

anger here. That you've given something

to people, then you've taken it away,

and I think people get irrationally

upset at that. I bet you a lot of people

are not even using this feature and are

upset.

But that's my take on it.

>> Yeah, it's a hard spot to be in. I mean,

I honestly I I wouldn't, unless I wanted

to pay for it. I need to look at the

pricing, but then I'd also look at the

pricing of Trello and other other ones

that are, you know, have been around

longer.

Um

you know, we would we wouldn't use it

without single sign-on in our

organization. But if you're an

individual, yeah, probably it doesn't

matter. If you're running it locally on

your computer, it definitely doesn't

matter. You don't even need sign-on, you

know? You just go to localhost 3000 or

whatever wherever it's hosted at locally

and um and it doesn't matter. So, but it

but it it hurts, Andrew. It always hurts

and it open source is a community thing,

and a big part of community is trust,

and giving something and taking it away

and starting to charge money for it,

it's not a good trust signal. I mean, it

it's not If you want this to work in an

open source way, like you have to

understand, appreciate, and work with

the community.

Um and maybe they're doing that, you

know, we'll we'll see kind of how they

end up responding. That'll probably be

even more insightful than than this

first action. Cuz also, dude, everybody

makes mistakes.

>> I think they basically said stop yelling

at us. We have to make a decision here

on how to keep the business going, and

that was it. And stop being mean to us,

which I get. Uh look, the tone of this

discussion has taken a

a bad

>> This stuff takes money to build. It

takes money to host. It takes money to

support. It like

you know,

I'm a little frustrated when people get

angry at a business for trying to make

money. Like no, that's what we're all

doing, right? Like you want a paycheck,

too, don't you?

>> And these guys don't seem greedy. I but

I I don't want to wa- wait into this

without as much like I'm not as impacted

as other people, but I can definitely

see the anger here. I'm not as impacted

as other people.

>> This is not a good signal in the open

source community. It's not I mean,

it is a trust-based thing. We are all

actual people, and people will respond,

you know, if you don't treat them with

respect.

>> So, people keep telling me that they

take these repos and they build new

things with them. And so, what I started

asking, I think it was 2 weeks ago, I

said, "Start sending me what you what

you've created, especially if it is on

GitHub that we could then show other

people." And so, here's what some some

of our members have created. I've got

two this week.

Uh there's a guy who doesn't write

software for a living, but he still

wanted an investor debate about every

stock. He specifically wanted Warren

Buffett, Michael Burry,

uh Barry Peter Lynch, and a few other

people. And you and I had seen a repo

that had done this a few weeks ago with

um

it was Warren Buffett, Charlie Munger,

and two Chinese investors, I think. And

so, he said, "This is the one that I

want." He put it together. It's now

available on GitHub. And look at this,

it has two stars. And guess who the

number two star is? It's me.

>> [laughter]

>> And it's on it's on GitHub. And of

course, it'll be in this report for

people who want to see it. And I I

really appreciate that. I honestly

think, you You what, even if nobody's

starring it, put it up there. Put it up

there so you can use it and then make it

available for others. Um next and the

final one is

production bugs ate this guy's first

hour every morning, so he built an agent

that investigates that for him. Here it

is and again,

I'm now the only person who gave a star.

I think I am. Let me make sure that I

did give him a star.

No, I didn't. So, now he has a second

star

um and he put this together really

intentionally. I I love like all the

thought and the story that he had told

me about about it on email and we'll

link out to it. Do you have anything on

GitHub that maybe we could add in the

future, Adam, that you've built?

>> Ooh, uh I Yeah, I do. There's a couple

things. There's some in the past um but

I've actually got a couple things right

now that I that I think I'm going to

I've decided that they don't need to be

private. I I can allow them to be

public. So, I'll let you know. I'll see

if you'll feature me.

>> I should I should feature you and me.

The thing that I did was I created this

skill and I know you hate skills. Every

time we have a skill in the top 10,

you're you're like, "Come on, Andrew.

Give me something more technical." I

created a skill that takes these videos

that I just shoot by holding my phone up

and talking at my screen

and it turns it into a 1-minute clip for

YouTube that I use with a really nice

thumbnail that I feel good about. And

so, I said, "You know what? I'm I'm

going to post it and let's see what

happens." And a bunch of people

supported it with stars and I'm curious

to see if anyone ends up using it. I

feel good about that. All right.

>> Yeah, that's awesome.

>> Folks, link below. Let me know email, I

should say, below and of course, thumbs

it up, like it, comment. reading

everybody's comments. I love the emails

even more. We've been going back and

forth. I've been getting on calls with

people, seeing what they build. Adam,

this is a damn good group of people,

right?

>> Yeah. Yeah, it's awesome to see what

they're building and uh I I really

appreciate all the all the reactions and

responses and questions and oh, you

should dive more into this or why did

you talk about that? You should talk

about this and stuff. I love those cuz

it's so like, oh, first of all, I just

love that people are engaged, but second

like, oh yeah, let's follow that. Let's

look more into that. Let's make another

video for that.

>> You know what? I um I work with my buddy

Nick O'Neil. I said, "Take a look at

this." and I go

"I'm very happy that we're getting a lot

of views here, but look at this. This

thing where it's clearly AI voice and

not a good AI voice is always outranking

me. It's got over 100,000 views." And he

goes, "Let's take a look at their

comments and let's take a look at

yours." And he looked at their comments

and it was almost all like some crypto

spam comment. And then he looked at mine

and he goes, "Dude, this is really

intelligent." And I and I could see the

little bit of jealousy in his eyes. And

then okay, Andrew's my friend. I'm not

going to try to steal this idea from

him. I'm not going to try to jump in.

But he's like, "Andrew, way to go. Way

to go." And then he's been supporting me

and helping me grow. Um including he

helped me see that I could record my

first own and my first solo GitHub where

I found all these popular tools that we

use and all the GitHub open source

alternatives and I'll have a link to it

right here for you and I'll see you in

the next one.




** Video: Apple should have built this (ID: _WXIpV5YJAU) **

No subtitles available for this video.



** Video: Hyperagent: The AI that gets customers (ID: pIyqwrZ0x8Y) **

You're going to see how to create an

agent that finds you customers, that

builds them a product that will get

their attention customized to them, and

then sends out messages to them to land

their business. It is incredible. It's

all built on HyperAgent, the super

simple tool, and Corey has been using it

to get customers himself. So, you'll

have a link below to use HyperAgent, and

you're about to see how Corey does it.

Let's get into it. Corey, what's that?

>> So, what we have right here is a

dashboard. Actually, my HyperAgent built

this dashboard for me.

So, this is a dashboard that contains 10

websites that my HyperAgent built for me

for local businesses in my area. So, I

live in Charlotte, North Carolina.

And what I had HyperAgent do is go out

and find, specifically, tree services in

and around Charlotte, North Carolina

that meet two criteria. One, they have

Google reviews. They have good Google

reviews, and they have a lot of them.

And then, two, they have no website or

they have an ugly website. Because the

idea is we're going to build them a

better website that we can use as what

we call a tripwire offer or like a foot

in the door

to be able to open a sales conversation

with these companies to then sell them

other AI services.

>> Meaning, you're building them a website

for free. Not you, HyperAgent is finding

them, HyperAgent is messaging them,

HyperAgent is building them a website,

and you feel like, if I give them a free

website, they're going to sign up for my

other AI services. Okay.

>> Exactly. So, that's the whole idea is

like, how can we add a ton of value up

front? How can we take the thing that

used to be the paid product and make

that the lead magnet? Like, make that

the thing that we give away for free to

add a ton of value to then, like we

said, upsell some of those other

services.

>> Okay, can I see one of the pages that it

built?

>> Yeah, absolutely. And real quick, just

to kind of go over this dashboard. So,

again, these are This is just the first

10 from my list. It's got company name,

where they're located, a summary of

their Google reviews. So like this one,

you know, has 127 Google reviews, four

and a half star average, and their

domain is parked. Like they literally

don't even have a website. So this is

one that that Hyper Agent mocked up for

them. So this company is called Divine

Acts of Valor.

And I guess according to Divine Acts of

Valor's like Google Business page, one

of their biggest selling points is we do

not ever top trees. And I had to look up

what that meant.

>> Yeah.

>> And it means that So what it says like

why that matters to you. Topping is the

fast way cut down the top, leave the

bottom. It also kills the tree. So we

basically we don't do that, right? So

Hyper Agent went out and found that

information and weave that into this new

website that we built for them. Now this

is just a simple one pager, right? To

kind of get them interested. And if they

if they are interested, then we can

build them out a full website. But this

is what Hyper Agent mocked up.

>> Is everything then templatized? Do all

Oh sorry, you're going to show me what

this what their original site looked

like.

>> Yeah, so that's that's what's cool about

this dashboard. Is so again, we can

click into this particular site. We can

go back to our dashboard if we want. Or

in the top right, Hyper Agent lets us

click out and compare to their current

site. So again, this is the new one that

Hyper Agent built in like two minutes.

This is their current site, right? It's

literally bugged or it like doesn't

exist. So yeah, and what what were you

about to ask there?

>> So now does it use a template so every

site has this design and is just filling

in the blanks? Or can I see one of the

other sites and see how different it

looks?

>> Yeah, so it's not using a template. So

we could templatize it if we want. Like

if we click on this one here, you see

this is like an entirely different vibe.

>> Yeah. The grinding is a big one for me

here. Uh-huh.

>> And then same with again, if we look at

like Morgan Stump Removal, totally

different. Totally different vibe.

>> Oof, we have so many stumps it keeps

knocking me off my lawn mower. So that's

why I pay attention for that. Okay, so

it built a site for each one. The next

ver- the next thing is to find those

contacts that you that you mentioned.

Highly rated, no website. Can I see what

that list looks like? And Hyper Agent

put this together, right?

>> Exactly. So, what we did is I'll show

you this is the list here. We'll talk

about We'll look at the list and then

I'll show you how we built an agent that

did that. We built the agent in like 30

seconds that did this.

So, this is a list of

tree services in the Charlotte metro

area that we verified a couple of weeks

ago to make sure that these are, you

know, active businesses, they're in

business, they're legit. It found 98

potential tree services in the area. Not

just 98 tree services, but again, 98

tree services that have good Google

reviews and either no website or a poor

website. So, what we can do is we can

kind of scroll through here and, you

know, you can see all the different

things going on.

Uh we got like contact page, Google

review, link to Google Maps, etc.

But, Hyper Agent found these and it

prioritized them. So, it's like, "Hey,

we're going to prioritize these at the

top that have no functional website."

And then it's going to come down and,

you know, the first 20 or so have no

functional website, then it's going to

lead to ones that have a website, but

they might be an ugly website. Like this

one here, triple a trees.net, you know,

not terrible, but could definitely use

some work. So, that is the the list of

leads that Hyper Agent found for

>> of like to be honest with you, but okay.

I That one I thought was a fairly decent

site compared to some of the other ones

that you showed me before we got

started.

>> Yes, and some of the other ones like

again, I

can't find the exact one. It might have

been this one here. One of them

uh one of the websites that it found is

So, it it's the tree services website,

but when you click the link, it

redirects to a crypto gambling website.

So, think about how Think about how easy

of a sell it would be for me to call

them up on the phone and say, "Hey,

you know, I I understand this is XYZ

Tree Service. I just tried to go to your

website and and book a quote, but I

found that when I went to your website,

it redirected me to some like

cryptocurrency gambling website. Were

you guys aware of that?"

And like chances are they didn't even

know that was happening. So, they could

say, "Oh, okay. Well, well, actually,

you know, while I have you, I I actually

could build you a a actually went ahead

and built you a new brand new website.

I'm I'm happy to show it to you if you'd

like, completely free. You can just kind

of get a feel for how it looks, and if

if you want to implement it, we can have

that conversation." And then you could

just text them the link to the Hyper

Agent page.

>> Okay. But, the idea is Hyper Agent will

be doing that. You don't even want to

make that call. You want Hyper Agent to

send it out, and you've got three

agents. One that's Site Smith that

creates the websites that we just saw.

The next is a prospector that finds the

contacts that we're seeing here on the

screen. And then the final one is an

opener that we'll see later that crafts

the pitches and messages them. Before we

go to that, this is a lot of people. You

then said to Hyper Agent, "I want you to

create a CRM for me to keep track of

this." Can I see what that looks like?

>> Yes, exactly. So, this is the simple

little tracker that I built. And now

some context around this because you see

the headline says like days since

challenge start. So, for the folks that

are new to me, if you've never seen me

before, I'm

uh starting a challenge on my YouTube

channel uh basically where I'm starting

a new AI agency from scratch. And it's a

challenge to see how many days will it

take me to get my first paying client

using Hyper Agent with this exact model

here, where I'm building free websites

for businesses that don't have them and

using that as a foot in the door to

upsell other services. So, I had Hyper

Agent in like a minute build me this

little tracker that's going to track,

okay, what episode are we on, right?

We're on episode one of four cuz it's

going to be a four episode series. And

what is my my pipeline? What does my

funnel look like? So, how How leads have

we found? How many texts have we sent?

How many replies did we get? How many of

those replies are interested? How many

free sites did we actually deliver? How

many calls did we book from that? And

how much revenue have we closed? And

then what's our recent activity? Right?

So it's like basically documenting

everything that I'm doing in real time.

And again, HyperAgent just like one shot

of this for me in a couple of seconds.

>> Okay. All right. And just for people who

who don't know, you do have an agency

where you've sold uh AI services, right?

>> Exactly. I My goal with this series is

to is to basically destroy any limiting

belief that anybody could possibly have

around, "Oh, I'm not experienced." or

"I'm not technical." or I you know,

we're basically I'm stripping away all

my advantages and showing that anybody

can do this using a tool like

HyperAgent.

>> Okay. All right. So now, that's a CRM.

Let's look at how you set it up. Why

don't we start with how you set up the

prospect agent using HyperAgent? And

what do you like about HyperAgent?

There's so many different agents that

you can use. You could have done this in

Hermes. You could have done this in

uh OpenClaw. Why this?

>> Yeah. So I like HyperAgent because it's

very much plug and play. Like, I don't

know about you. I'm I'm pretty sure

you're like me in the sense that you're

not technical. Like, you're not a

developer. You don't have a coding

background. I don't either. And that's

one thing that HyperAgent makes that

very easy for people like you and me who

don't know how to code. You just want to

be able to click a few buttons and spin

up an agent in seconds. So that's why I

chose it for this particular challenge.

Now, so we're inside the HyperAgent

dashboard right here. And just showing

people how this works is we can come up

here and uh right here where we've got,

you know, all of our different agents.

So the three that we mentioned. So to

build a new agent, like how I built this

prospector agent, you can just click

view all. And that'll take you to all

your agents. And then you can come up

here on the top right and click new

agent. So how I built the prospector

agent, just to show people an example, I

click new agent, create manually.

And then it's saying like, what should

this agent do?

>> Mhm. So, you can just give it like a

brief description. Like, "Hey, I want

this agent to go out and find me leads

for my AI services business. And I'm I

want to focus on, you know, local

service businesses in Charlotte, North

Carolina." So, I could just type that in

just like a super rough off the top like

sentence or two. And you can click draft

identity and it will take that sentence

or two that you gave and turn it into

like a system prompt, almost like an

identity for that agent.

>> Yeah.

>> So, that way the agent now knows like,

"Okay, I exist to help Corey find leads

for his business." Right? And then from

there you can go in and customize, okay,

what model do you want it to use, what

tools and integrations do you want it to

have, you know, do you want it to live

in Telegram, do you want it to live in

Slack? And then what knowledge do you

want it to have access to? Do you want

it to be self-learning, which I

certainly want mine to be, so I just

choose that option so that anytime I'm

working with my Hyper Agent, it's going

to get smarter the more I use it. And

then, you know, 30 seconds later I'm

clicking create agent in the top right

and it's ready to go and it's plug and

play and I can start using it.

>> Okay, can I see the one that you'd

created yourself, the the prospect one,

and see how you filled it out? Okay, so

this is the one.

Mhm.

>> Yeah, this is the prospector agent. So,

uh again, at the top, the description

that it came up with for itself is,

"Prospector researches local service

businesses in a target metro and

compiles verified outreach-ready leads

lists with contact details, ratings, and

review counts. Delivers clean, sortable

data grounded in confirmed sources." So,

that's a summary, right? And if we look

at it'll even give you your usage over

time. So, I've spent $153.79

all time using this prospector agent,

right? Now, there are like lead services

or like contact scraping services out

there, they cost like this much per

month, right? And I've spent this pretty

much over the lifetime of using this

agent. So, all things considered, it's a

much more economical option than going

and paying for like apollo.io or

>> You don't use Apollo for this? You're

just You're having the AI find the email

addresses itself?

>> [snorts]

>> Yeah, it's just going out to the

internet and finding what's already

what's already out there. Again, you

could

>> use Apollo.

>> Yeah, you could have it plug into

something like Apollo, and I mean that

would help, but again, I'm trying to

keep I'm trying to make it like as

bare-bones as possible. Yeah, trying to

make it super easy for people to plug

and play without having to have a bunch

of different like subscriptions and

things with that.

>> Okay.

>> And so, um yeah, again, I can one-click

add it to a Slack channel, I can

one-click connect it to Telegram, I can

one-click create an email alias, which

is really cool.

>> So, it has its own email account.

Uh-huh.

>> Exactly. So, if I click into its

identity, that's where I can update its

name, its description, I can choose a

little icon, I can give it a color, and

then right here, which is the most

important piece, is the system prompt,

right? So, again, that description that

I just read out to you is just like the

human-facing description, so that we

know what it does. The system prompt is

really that instruction set under the

hood that tells the agent what it does.

So, the system prompt is a little more

detailed, right? I'm not going to read

the whole thing through, but it's

basically just a more detailed version

of that description that I just read to

you.

>> Okay. Why do you not use Slack? I use

Slack to communicate with my with my

Hyper Agent. That's one of my one of the

benefits for me that it was easy to set

up.

>> Yeah, and it is super easy to set up,

and honestly, I just I mean, I find it

easy to work inside their UI. I mean,

they've got a pretty pretty easy-to-use

UI. Another reason I like it, too, is

when you use Hyper Agent inside their

UI, you can So, inside each chat at the

top here, it's got You can see your

context window and how much context

you've used. So, like when I had it

build those 10 websites earlier today,

those 10 websites, like literally it

built me 10 websites and cost less than

$20. And I've only used about a quarter

of my context window to do that. So, it

just gives you much more granular

insight into like your usage. And it's

got this dashboard on the right which I

like kind of clicking into the different

models.

>> lot, that you can actually see the

product, see the outcome here. Like the

artifact, I guess, is the word to use

for it there. Where you can't really see

it in Slack, and then I often will have

to come back here to see it. Okay, so

now Now you've built that prospect

agent. Can I see how you chat with it?

Where do you go to chat?

>> Yeah, so again, right here from the

agents tab, I can

click on the three dots to the right of

the prospector and just do new thread,

right? I see.

So, when I open up a new thread, it it

kind of looks like your Claude or your

ChatGPT in the sense that at the bottom

you can choose your model.

>> Yeah, you can even choose plan mode

versus action. Uh-huh.

>> Yeah, so that's what's great about again

having a harness like HyperAgent is like

you're not locked into just a Claude

model or just an OpenAI model. So, I

might For example, for this task, I

might want to use Fable 5 or I might

want to use GPT-56-Soul

or I might want to use Kami K3 if I want

a really cheap option for a simple task,

right?

And uh from there again, I can do it in

plan mode. So, if it's So, it's going to

be more complex task. It's like, "Hey, I

want my prospector agent to give me a

plan first so I can approve that plan."

Or if it's something simple, I can just

have it go straight to execution. And I

can run it on auto so I'm not having to

give it permission every time it needs

to do something.

>> And I have a Z.ai subscription. I don't

even have to do it with HyperAgent. I

just pick it and they've got the

subscription and I pay them.

So, I like that there's not that

integration layer. It's just built in.

All right, why don't we take a look at

then since we saw the prot- we saw now

the prospector, can I see how you set up

your Site Smith agent?

>> Yeah, absolutely. So, very similar setup

in the sense that it's going to be the

same inputs. It's just obviously doing

different things for us. So, in this

case the Site Smith the description of

the Site Smith agent says it its job is

to turn a business's verified Google

listing into a live mobile-first

one-page site built around a single call

to action, the phone call. Ships in

minutes using only confirmed photos,

reviews, and services and hands off the

URL with any data gaps flagged. So,

again this the whole role of the Site

Smith it's very specific to this series

that I'm running in the sense that I

just want a simple, concise one-page

site that I could show to a business

owner to get them interested in talking

to me further, right? I just want to get

my foot in the door. We could, if we

wanted to, have the Site Smith be a much

more robust agent that builds like

full-stack websites with a quote form

and, you know, SEO-optimized pages built

in if we wanted to,

but I've just purposely built mine to be

very bare-bones because that's what I'm

using it for. Like at the end of the day

you should be building these agents

around what you're actually going to be

using them for and not over-engineering

them

if needed, right?

>> Okay. Yeah, that totally makes sense.

You're basically sending out someone a

free website, giving them a one-pager

that has a call to action with their

phone number if the rest of their site

is not even there. They don't want to

have a contact form. All right, and then

they could also start asking you for

changes if they want it.

Um and now the chat is the same thing.

You go to those three dots on the right,

you start a chat conversation with it.

Um and then the prospector, it seems

like with all of these setups for the

prospector, Site Smith, the opener, it

is just you chatting into the box and

saying this is what I want you to create

and it creates it and then you pick the

model. Do you do any other big changes

or that's it?

>> No, that's it. And again, that's one of

the reasons I like a tool like a Hyper

Agent because, you know, you hear about

like Hermes and Open Claw and all these

other agentic tools, and you know, those

are great, but they just take they take

a little more technical expertise to set

up properly.

I I guess what I'm saying is is Hyper

Agent is a lot more just off the shelf,

right? So, I can treat it just like I

would treat Claude or or ChatGPT in the

sense that all I ever need to do is just

chat with it. I never need to go and

like, you know, get in the terminal or

like install something on the back end,

and connecting it to like a Slack or a

Telegram or a WhatsApp is just a one

click.

>> Okay, I can see people using this to

create prospect list for their

businesses to start sending out messages

with really nice designs, to keep track

of it all in a CRM, and so they could

grow their own business. I could see

them getting clients like like you just

did here. I can also see them saying,

"You know what? I'm going to build

agents for businesses." There are a lot

of businesses that just need agents, and

maybe there's a funnel that would be

similar. In fact, if I wanted to sell

Hyper Agents as a service, where I build

it for businesses, what would that

funnel look like?

>> So, it's funny enough that you say that

because I've I've had conversations with

some folks on their team, and from what

I understand, they're actually they're

positioning Hyper Agent as a company

around that use case. Like their goal is

for Hyper Agent to be the go-to platform

that people use that that are selling AI

agents to businesses. So, they're

actually building the entire platform

around the idea of making it really easy

for people like me and you, Andrew, to

build Hyper Agents and then install them

into our clients' businesses and be able

to bill them for us managing those

agents on their behalf, right? So, you

know, what that would look like today,

same exact process. I mean, plug and

play. Come up here to view all your

agents. You can build You can click new

agent.

Create manually.

And, you know, let's just say you say

>> idea. Bookkeepers, for some reason we've

gone through a few bookkeeping

companies. For some reason bookkeepers

are hungrier than I would have expected.

And so, you can then ask the prospector

to find bookkeeping companies that do

have a really nice website, that maybe

their founders have been active on X, or

their company's been active on X,

Instagram, or whatever, uh within a

certain threshold within the last week.

And then you send them a message saying,

"You know what? I like your site. I like

your online presence. I think I could

get you customers with I can build an

agent for you that would get you

customers. Here's what it would do. Do

you want to look at it?" And that kind

of a thing would maybe draw them in.

What do you think of that?

>> Absolutely. I mean, again, you could

build That's You could choose like,

let's say we chose a bookkeeper as a

vertical.

>> Mhm.

>> We could build an agent that solves a

lot of the recurring problems that

bookkeepers tend to have. Again, I don't

exactly know what those are because I'm

not in that space. But let's say we're

targeting bookkeepers, we build the

agent one time, and then we could have

the agent, and this is what one of the

folks on the HyperAgent team was showing

me recently, we could have the agent

record a demo video of the agent in

action. So, let's say, you know, for

example's sake, most bookkeepers

struggle with, um you know, getting

documents from their clients. So, we

could literally build a bookkeeping

HyperAgent,

program it, you know, the way that we

would any other agent, and then tell it,

"Hey, I want you to record a 30-second

demo-ready, um workflow of you

requesting the documents needed from a

bookkeeping client. And record that, and

then I want you to take this prospecting

list that we built using our prospector

HyperAgent, and I want you to send it to

all those people, and, you know, see

which one of them might be interested in

hiring you as an agent."

Right? Like, that is something that's

entirely doable, and it can literally go

do that demo, record its own screen

while it does it, save it as a loom for

example, and then go fire that out to 50

bookkeeping agencies that your prospect

or agent found.

>> All right, I've got a link below if you

want to try out Hyper Agent with some

free time from them. Details in the link

below. And if you want to follow Corey's

series, I've got a link for you where

you can go and see that and see how he

builds this out and gets customers with

it. Thanks, Corey.

>> Thanks, Andrew.




** Video: 10 Github Repos That Will Kill Your Monthly Subscriptions (ID: jMAe1h39rHo) **

I'm going to give you 10 replacements to

10 popular apps that so many people are

paying for, but this is about more than

just free versus paid. This is about the

ability to actually build. We're talking

about every one of these is on GitHub,

which means that you can do what many

people who watch my past GitHub shows

have done. They take the source code,

they throw it at Codex or Claude or

whatever, and they say, "I want you to

take that feature and make it into a

product that's meant for me." Or I want

you to take that feature and add it to a

product I'm working on. Or I want you to

take this whole thing and build it for

me, but with these tweaks. So, this is

about free, yes, but it's also about

tools that you can build yourself to

your own personal needs. Timestamps and

links to everything below. Let's get

into it. Presented by Zapier, the AI

automation company. And the very first

one, Notion versus AppFlowy. Notion,

great document manager, right? But

with Notion, your company's memory lives

in Notion. Every decision your team made

is in Notion. Every spec, every retro,

every this, every that is all in Notion.

And if you're using it for personal

reasons, all that stuff is in there,

too. And then Notion charges you 10

bucks per seat per month to keep

accessing it. Then $20 for business. And

then, don't get me started on AI.

Because if you want to give one person

on the team AI, you've got to give

everyone on the team AI, and you don't

know what it costs. And do these people

even need AI within Notion? It just

starts to get a little bit out of

control. And so, in walks a team that

built a replacement in Flutter and Rust,

and they gave it away. It started in

2021, so we're looking at a project with

history to it. And their stated mission

in one sentence is to make it possible

for anyone to create apps that suit

their needs well. That is my mission,

too. So, AppFlowy, it's open source

alternative to Notion. And here's the

thing, it actually has a really good

desktop app. It has 75,000 people who

started. It has 360

two contributors

and over 100 releases. This is a great

product with good history. It ships with

documents, wikis, notes with a block

editor, database grids. I love Kanban

boards, it has that. We're looking at

sites, AI features built in. We got

templates, so much of what you'd expect

on an app that you get and you get to

control.

And here's the thing worth noting

though, that this is from a company and

they do have a hosted plan and that's

where their business model is. So yes,

you can absolutely run it completely for

free and yes, if you prefer to work with

that company, you can also do that.

App Flowy. Let's go to the next one.

Google Photos versus Image. Google

Photos, fantastic photo servicing, photo

hosting service.

I think it's great.

And if you're with the Google ecosystem,

you're probably using it. The problem

with it is that Google then knows what

your children look like at 4 years old.

It knows which hospital they were

delivered in. Google Photos even knows

the exact coordinates of the house that

you grew up in because of all the data

that travels with every photo that you

take.

And then Google charges you rent to keep

it.

So a developer built a replacement and

then team picked it up full-time. It's

called Image. It's a self-hosted

alternative to Google Photos. Now look

at the numbers. 110,000 stars on GitHub.

Of course, I'll have a link for you

below. 463 people contributed to it.

There have been over 300 releases. It's

not a weekend project. It's a team

shipping like a funded company,

but no one is metering your usage.

Here's what it comes with. Automatic

backup from iOS and Android. Selective

album backup, so you choose what lives

on your what leaves your phone. Facial

recognition running on your hardware.

Search by project, by face, by

description. I love map and date

browsing. How many times do I say, "Find

me photos from this year." or "Find me

photos from when I lived in Argentina."

I want to see where I was. It's got that

and so many other features.

It is there, but here's the thing worth

noting on this one and that is

and the readme opens up with this

immediately. It says, "Follow the 3-2-1

backup plan." meaning they really want

you to be aware that you've got

responsibility when you're self-hosting.

It is on you to back up your photos if

you're not paying Google to do it. Next.

Oh, subscribe. By the way, every week I

do a top 10 GitHub repo show where we go

over the top hottest growing repos. If

you like this, you're going to love what

we show every week, so subscribe to get

that. And then, as you can see here, I

also talk to other creators and other

builders and other founders about how

they're using AI to build tools. Often,

we do a screen share, so you can learn

and follow along. Thanks for the

subscription and the high five and

everything else you do. I'm going to

move on.

DocuSign and Documento.

DocuSign is that document signing

service that you get from your lawyer,

you get from everybody. And if you're

like me, you just hate the look and the

experience of it. And if you're a user

of it who pays, which I am not,

but if you are, DocuSign's going to

charge you 11 bucks a month and then

give you only five envelopes. Five. Not

500.

Five. Imagine if you paid for Google

Docs and they told you you could only

write five docs a month on it.

Somehow, this flies when it comes to

DocuSign. And that's for one person,

$132 a year for signing five things a

month. And for a company, it's 45 bucks

a month.

And then, you're still capped.

They've become the thing that's just

default. Even when people don't send out

a DocuSign, they call it a DocuSign.

>> [snorts]

>> It doesn't have to be that way, because

two developers built a replacement. It

was announced in 2022, shipped the first

version in 2023. This is about more than

just money. It is about encryption and

making the world more open.

That's what this is about. They do they

want to remove the toll booth. The

Documento team does.

And the savings are not just the full

story here. It's also that you get to

take control of your documents and not

pass them on to another company. And

that actually has both plusses and

minuses to it, right? Sometimes, you

want that other company standing behind

the authenticity of a signature on a

document. But if you want to take it on

for yourself, you've got real PDF

signatures built in on standard PDF

signing libraries. You've got

self-hosted audit trail on your server.

One-click style deploys, signing in your

uh in your own language, templates, tag

releases,

and of course, as I said before, you

should be aware that

like other products that you're going to

see, this has an enterprise plan, and

that's where that's where the business

model is. Next,

Miro versus Excalidraw.

Miro is that hugely popular whiteboard

that your COO probably loves, right?

But, it charges eight bucks a month per

member to draw a box with an arrow

coming out of it. 20 bucks per member on

the business plan. Don't even get me

started on the enterprise plan because

you need 30 people or more for that, and

then you have to contact sales. And so,

when the trial ends, what happens? Well,

they don't delete your board, which is

nice, but it does get locked, and it is

then held hostage on their systems. So,

a group of developers said, "We're going

to build a whiteboard that everyone can

use, and we're going to put it under the

MIT license."

Excalidraw now has 129 stars on GitHub,

and this is for a whiteboard. Imagine

how great of a whiteboard you have to be

to beat I think they've got more stars

than anything else that we've talked

about here today. Or and then I will

huge, very successful, wildly

successful, and if you want to try it,

>> [snorts]

>> if you just go to Excalidraw's website,

and of course, I'll link you to it all

here,

there's you could just go and

immediately start using it. They don't

ask you for an email address, they don't

ask you for jack.

And then, you just start to draw and use

it, and if you want to share, there's a

button to share, and then you can share

it. And then, guess what? When you're

sending it to someone, they don't have

to sign jack, either. It's just right

there. This is an incredible user

experience, even if you're not hosting

it

from Excalidraw. And if I keep repeating

the name Excalidraw, it's because it

took me forever to learn how to

pronounce the name. I don't know what it

was about it. All right, you got an

infinite canvas here without an account.

That's my wife calling, I'm going to

talk to her later.

You got hand-drawn style rendering, you

got dark mode, you got shape libraries,

export to PNG, SVG, clipboard, you got

open format.

Do I need to tell you about zoom

panning, undo and redo? Guess what? It

has undo and redo. Congratulations.

>> [snorts]

>> All right, but you should know that the

end-to-end encryption live collaboration

is a feature on the hosted

excalidraw.com application. The

repository is the editor itself, and it

is what you embed or build on. Running a

full collaborative server yourself is a

bigger job than running the editor. For

solo drawing and for embedding, this is

a non-issue, though.

Oof. Next is Zapier, my sponsor. If

you're using AI agents the way that I

am, you probably want to give them the

ability to read your email, to add to

your Notion board, to add to all these

other tools that you're using, maybe to

add to your Google Drive. But maybe

there are some things you don't want it

to do. Like you like the agent, you

think it's powerful, but it's kind of

cutting edge, and you're worried about

it sending email from you. You're

worried about it being able to delete

files on your Google Drive.

Well, when you use Zapier, you've got

access to over 8,000 different tools

like the ones that I mentioned. And for

each tool, there's like a checkbox that

you select. Here's what I want to give

it access to. It can read my email, but

it cannot send my email. It can draft my

message, but it cannot uh

do this or cannot do that. That's the

idea here. All these tools, and a

company that is over 10 years old, and

that I've known literally since before a

day one. I'm their very first customer,

I'm very proud to say. Before they even

had a company, I sent the money on

PayPal because I wanted the tools that

they were building, and I've been a user

ever since. Go to zapier.com/mcp.

Try this for free, you'll see why I keep

talking about it. Thanks to my sponsor.

>> [snorts]

>> All right. Figma versus Penpot.

Figma is that collaborative design tool

that designers and developers love to

use together. Um I enjoy getting Figma

docs because I like parts of it. I do

not like using the whole Figma

experience.

The thing about Figma, though, is we're

looking at $16 a month for a full seat.

And then there's a part that makes

people really angry, and that's that

developers have to pay to take a look.

So, developers have a $12 a month for

the cheap seats. And then on top of

that, they've got this other plan, and

that other plan. All right, then a

company in Spain decided they're going

to build a replacement.

And this is way before Figma even was a

thing.

Penpot. They went up December 2015, over

10 years of work, and um

I don't think it's a it's a match

one-for-one with Figma, but it is an

open-source open-source alternative that

aims to do the same thing as Figma for

free.

>> [snorts]

>> Hm.

And the nice thing about them is the way

that they will create your files is

using web standards instead of their own

proprietary thing. So, here's what it

ships with: free seats for everyone,

including your developer,

congratulations. An inspection mode that

hands developers usable code straight

out of the design.

Um I'm not going to say too much about

this. I'm actually going to move on cuz

for most people the free alternative

essentially or the alternative is Claude

Code or Claude Design, but I do think

that this is popular for a reason, and I

want to make sure that you know about uh

Penpot.

>> [snorts]

>> Um

I do also think that with all of these

things, if you're bringing it into uh a

work operation, you should be prepared

for debugging or problems if it's

something like this. So, know what

you're signing up for. I don't know that

I would actually want my team, to be

honest with you, on Penpot, but I have

seen people be really happy about it.

And I want to make sure that you see

that there is an alternative to Figma.

Next, Calendly versus cal.com. I've

known this company probably since the

very beginning, both of them. Calendly,

incredibly

popular scheduler, right? You give that

one link, people can find time on your

calendar, and they could book with you.

But, Calendly charges you for people to

book time with you. 10 bucks a seat, $16

for teams. Enterprise plan gets even

higher than that, all for a link to your

calendar, and then

>> [snorts]

>> a team

that decided to compete with Calendly

decided to open-source their software.

It's now called cal.com.

It's from the cal.com team.

And what they have is everything except

for the enterprise edition of their

software they put out there. That means

that you get bookable event types with

custom availability. This is the one, by

the way, that people are going to either

use directly or they're going to give to

their agent and say, "Create my my

twisted version of it for me." So, you

have your own calendar booking service

with your own quirks and taste. And

it'll also connect to your Google

Calendar and or your Microsoft Office

365. It'll connect to Zoom, to HubSpot,

etc. The nice thing is it's on your

domain with not just your branding, but

you can then customize it further. You

and I have more than just a logo. We

have a look and feel in our experience

that we might want to bring on, and you

get all that. And this is a self-hosted

option by default.

Um and again, the thing worth noticing

is the enterprise features are not part

of this. That's what they have kept for

their company. But, if you're using it

for yourself the way that I do, you're

going to enjoy this.

And I'm glad it's there.

Mailchimp versus List Monk. Mailchimp is

that most popular email newsletter

company that you and your mom have seen

and heard on NPR for years.

But, the problem with them is that your

newsletter gets expensive, more and more

expensive every time someone subscribes

to it. So, how many times you get a

subscriber and you go, "Yay!" But, in

the back of your head you say, "How

close am I to hitting that next tier?"

And this is not just a Mailchimp thing.

Mailchimp I'm picking on because they

give you 200 con- 250 contacts for free,

but then the price climbs and climbs and

climbs. You build the audience, they get

the revenue.

There's a self-hosted alternative.

In fact, a lot of my friends are using

Cloud to create their own self-hosted

alternatives. Here's one that you don't

have to start from scratch on. You just

say, "Look, Cloud, take it and I want

you to build it for me." And then you

can customize it to you. It is called

List Monk.

The only thing that I want you to be

aware of and I've got it here is that

you have to then take on deliverability.

It is not completely for free because

you're also going to have to pay for um

a service that will send out the mail

for you.

And they're not expensive. You can even

get it from AWS. And then you have to

take care of being in compliance so that

you stay out of people's spam folders.

If you're willing to take that on, this

is a free alternative that you get to

customize and you get to save hundreds.

My email list does not cost 350 bucks a

month. It goes higher and higher than

that, and I've been doing it for over a

decade. So, this is a nice free

alternative to it that you will never

have a price increase because there is

no price per subscriber. So, what can

you do with it? You can send to as many

subscribers as your server can carry.

Nobody's counting them. You got one file

to install and it's running. No setup

marathon, super easy, a clean dashboard

of your list with your subscribers and

your campaigns, open and click tracking.

So, you know

did my email suck because nobody opened

it or did it suck because people opened

it and they didn't click on anything or

is it something else? All that stuff is

is in here. You chat You choose your

sending provider. SendGrid, that's the

company I was missing before. You can

use SendGrid if not AWS and you It's

pennies compared to paying for Mailchimp

and the others to set up a server like

that to send up your send out your

email.

All right. You can just import your old

list and walk away um

and walk away from your old bill.

Bitly versus Dub.

Bitly is that link shortener.

I have had an account with them since

the very beginning. They were very big

on Twitter back when Twitter was only

140 characters and if you wanted to

include a link, you couldn't include a

long URL, so you would shorten it. So,

instead of

andrew-warner.com/thisandthat.html, it

would be

bit.ly/aw,

right? And I got to give it out. All

beautiful, except Bitly's free plan

currently, I think, is now five links a

month. Five.

It used to be infinite. Not 500, now

it's five. And I say now because, boy,

they just keep changing things around. I

don't even know what to count on with

this company. And then at the top of

their pricing, it's $300 a month and

then you get 3,000 links and then who

knows [clears throat] what's going on? I

think they have had trouble figuring out

their business model since Twitter

stopped needing them. And if they

haven't sold to Bending Spoons yet, they

probably should because they just need

some stability here and to accept that

they really are

They're They're really just driving

their customers crazy.

But there's an alternative.

It's Dub.

A modern open-source alternative went

out in August 2022. It's not a toy. If

you look at their read me, you're going

to see that Twilio uses it, Buffer uses

it, Framer, Perplexity, Vercel, so many

companies that you know. That's [snorts]

what it's about. And it also will,

beyond shortening the link, cuz it's no

longer about link shortening now, but

that's an important thing. It's about

the attribution, to know where did I get

my my click on that link? And what

happened when somebody clicked that

link? That's what Dub will do.

It tells you when it's clicked on. But

here, here's the part that I had in my

notes. I knew I had it here. Dub is

built to tell you when the click becomes

a customer with conversion tracking and

affiliate program support.

So, short links on your own domain.

Here's what it comes with. Conversion

tracking, not just click counting,

affiliate program management, a

documented self-hosting guide. Did I

really include that on there? I must

have been anxious for an extra bullet

point. Of course, it comes with a with a

self-hosting guide. What I mean, and

honestly, you're giving it to your

client anyway. All right, analytics fast

enough that you can actually watch them

in real time. That deserves a bullet

point. And then, it's used by companies

that you know. Just be aware.

>> [snorts]

>> Dub is open core. Almost all of the code

is free and yours. A small set of

enterprise folders sits outside under a

separate commercial license. And that's

a lot a large part where these things

uh go. The enterprise is separate from

what you use. But honestly, if you're

like me, this is not going to be an

issue for you.

>> [snorts]

>> TeamViewer versus RustDesk. TeamViewer,

it's that remote desktop software that I

think now is starting to sponsor

sporting events. I see TeamViewer on

people's shirts, kind of weird.

>> [snorts]

>> Here's the problem. You're on the phone

with your mother. Her printer is not

printing. You connect to her computer

remotely, cuz that's what TeamViewer is

about. And then 40 seconds in, the

session drops, because yes, they let you

use it for personal uses, but for some

reason, it was commercial use detected,

and boom, that's it. You're done. You

can't use it.

Oh, you weren't trying to conduct

business. You were just trying to point

an old lady's computer to her drive. I

don't mean to call your your mother old,

but you know what I'm talking about,

right?

And that's the problem here.

So, someone wrote a replacement for it

in Rust. RustDesk is the open-source

remote desktop built for self-hosting.

And if you don't like that calling your

mother and helping her with her computer

experience, you probably are familiar

with using a desktop somewhere or a

laptop at your desk and then being on a

trip somewhere or at a coffee shop

somewhere and you want to access it

remotely and it's just for personal use.

But if it's flagged for commercial, you

can't use it with those services without

paying. So, that's the whole goal here.

You get it for yourself. The one thing

you're missing is you don't have that

company in the middle. It's direct desk

to desk, computer to computer. That

middle piece

is the [snorts] entire product that

they're selling you over there. And with

RustDesk, you don't get it.

Here's what it ships with: Windows,

Linux, macOS, Android, and iOS support.

Your self-hosted relay, so the

connection never touches anyone else's

servers. We always say that. It always

sounds so nefarious, like I'm telling

you that you're you're going to get away

with something. All right, I got to keep

going here. It's taking longer than I

expected. File transfer between

machines. This is so helpful. You create

something on one machine, you want to

move it to another, you don't want to

email it to yourself, it comes with it.

And the installation, normal app on the

app stores.

Compiled native app on every platform.

All right, worth noticing, I already

told you about that before. Um it this

is one of those situations where at

11:00 at night if there's an issue from

a hotel, it's now your issue.

>> [snorts]

>> WhisperFlow versus Fluid Voice. The last

one, I used

uh Fluid Voice here. I used dictation to

to put these pages together for you.

And what you do with it is you just hold

the button down on your keyboard and you

start typing and then it uh types it You

start talking and then it types it on

your screen.

So, WhisperFlow listens to your voice

and then it sends your voice to their

server, one that you do not own, and

then it decides how many words you're

allowed to say before they start to

charge you. 2,000 words a week right now

is on their free free plan. That's about

15 minutes of talking. 15 minutes and

then the thing you have to do is pay.

I'm actually not so much bothered by the

price here for it. I'm much more

bothered by I don't really like the way

the Whisper flow works.

They're great with numbering and they

have a lot of G Wiz features, but it

doesn't really work very well. It

doesn't Do I have an accent? No, but it

still seems like I have an accent for it

to it cuz it keeps getting my my words

wrong.

>> [snorts]

>> So, enter Fluid Voice.

Oh, let me also point this out.

How many times is there an issue where

you say something into your computer,

and now it lives on somebody else's

system, and you don't realize that now

it's out there to potentially haunt you

and be used against you even if it's

taken out of context?

I don't like sending every word I have

to somebody else's computer. With Fluid

Voice, it is I'm going to skip over

here. With Fluid Voice, it is all

directly on your computer. This thing is

so new, September 2025. I've been

actually DMing with the with the

developer of this trying to get him to

come on and do this or or another one of

the programs with me because he got

95,000

90 9500 stars very quickly.

And the beauty of it is

it's on your computer, so it works

faster. It doesn't have to have that

step of sending it into the cloud. It

also will show you on your screen as

you're talking, it'll type out the words

that you're saying, so you know that

it's got it accurate, and you know that

it's working. And then it pastes it on,

and if you want to add AI to it and you

prefer or want for some reason to add

your your OpenAI or your Anthropic APIs

so you can do more with AI with it,

which I have not, you're welcome to do

that. And up until recently, the big

complaint here was there is no Windows

version. Well, guess what? There is a

Windows version of it, and guess what?

People have also taken this, and then

they've tweaked it and created their own

versions of it. I know because I did a

very popular YouTube video on this

alone, and people have shown me how they

took it, gave it to Claude, and then

built some other things with it. So, you

get speech-to-text.

You pick your engine, so if you want

something fast,

um you get it if it means that you have

a bigger file on your computer which I

do. It's a It's a It's maybe it's a

trade-off you're willing to make. I know

I am.

Uh

This one I like a lot. Live preview

while you're talking. Nothing like it.

No one else as I've seen does it. Global

hot key. It's super It's super

effective. Audio history and daily usage

stats. I don't know why you people love

it, but people do love seeing how many

words they type with their voice. And

one one line install. Actually, I would

say it's one click install. You just

download and double click or drag it uh

to a folder to go.

>> [snorts]

>> All right. I don't know why I clicked

the repo. Let's move over.

Worth noticing um it's macOS up until

just a moment ago. I don't know if he

fully if he fully released it yet, but

he DM'd me and he said anyone who wants

it will be able to get it on Windows. If

you do want it, I'll have a link so that

you can

uh

I I can help you skip the uh the wait

list. In fact, what I'll do is I'll put

this whole report below this. If you get

this report, I and

um

if you get this report, just hit reply

on my email and I and tell me that you

want the Windows version and I will ask

him to give you the Windows version. It

is there. It is for you. I'm so glad

that you saw this. I'm uh hopped up on

this stuff because I'm excited about

what you all are going to do with it. If

you used any of this, I'd love for you

to email me. I'll have my email on my

YouTube page. Of course, subscribe. And

if there's anything else that you think

I should have included here, hit me up.

Let me know. We do a show every week

where I cover this stuff and I want to

tell the world about what you're making

even if it doesn't have thousands of

stars. If it even has one, I want to be

I want to be aware of it and I want to

tell people about it. So, see you in the

next video. Oh, speaking of the next

video,

I have one right here full of repos that

I think you need to see. See you there.




** Video: Now shockingly good: ChatGPT (aka Codex) (ID: jEi9IsMwFBk) **

I'm going to show you how to make Chat

GPT into an agent that will do your work

for you. It can read and reply to your

email, it can book meetings for you, it

can schedule events, it can create

gorgeous ads for your business, it can

act like an employee that actually does

work. Now, I always thought of Chat GPT

as the dumb chat app, but ever since

they merged it with Codex, it took on

superpowers. To master it, I watched

hundreds of hours of YouTube videos and

understood what works. I'll show you the

clips that I think are the most useful

for you, and I'll have links to

everything below. Let's get into it.

Presented by Zapier, the AI automation

company. Here's the first video.

>> I always found it a pain to open Google

Calendar and manually schedule an event

by clicking a bunch of buttons and

entering a bunch of text.

It's much easier to just ask Codex to

book calendar meetings for you. So, for

example, I asked it to book a Google

Meet meeting between me and Char for

Friday at 9:00 a.m. PST called Peter

Char for 15 minutes.

And Codex basically went off and it

found Char's email, right? And it even

found that I had a conflicting meeting

where I had to drop off my kid at her

camp during the same time.

And eventually booked the calendar event

here and even added a Google Meet link.

If you're booking a meeting to, for

example, meet someone for coffee or

lunch, you can just mention the name of

the restaurant and Codex will find it

for you. Or if you're having like just

kind of like a WhatsApp conversation

with someone and you agree to a meeting

time and place, usually what I do is I

just screenshot a conversation and copy

it directly to Codex and it's able to

book the meeting.

>> I love that he did that, that he just

took a screenshot. Now, the thing that

you need though is connection. So, let's

take a moment and just talk about how to

connect and get plugins in.

>> It's plugins and skills. These are both

under plugins on the side panel. And

starting with plugins, this is how you

connect work to external tools. There's

tons of pre-built connectors, all the

common ones like Gmail, Google Calendar,

Drive, Canva, Slack, Asana, and much,

much more than that. Then there's some

more unique ones like computer use and

Chrome use where it can actually

navigate autonomously with its own

cursor and use the browser to complete

tasks. Skills are preset instructions

and files that let work execute a task

in a repeatable way every time, like

recipe cards for workflows.

>> As far as I can see, there's no problem

with adding as many plugins as possible.

So, the thing to do is when you sit

down, if you really want your agent to

just make as many connections as

possible.

Uh let's go back now that we've made the

connections and we've scheduled a

meeting. Check out managing managing

email.

>> writing plays. One thing that I

frequently miss with my emails is I read

the email and I don't follow up right

away and I just forget to follow up,

right? So, what I did is I started by

asking Codex, "Check my email from the

past 30 days and list the top five open

action items to follow up on and emails

to unsubscribe from." And also link the

actual emails. Do not share any

confidential information because we're

giving this tutorial.

So, here's the list that Codex came up

with.

It looks like there is a new device

logging. There is a Google payment

issue. There is an automation that I

built that broke. There is some thread

about granola and a meeting with Brex,

right? And here is a bunch of

unsubscribe candidates. And if I click

one of these things,

it'll take me to the actual email.

So, what's the next step here? Now that

we have this list,

what we can do is basically just tell

Codex, "Hey, why don't you unsubscribe

from all five emails?"

And because Codex can use the browser,

it can actually open each of these

individual emails in Chrome

and click the unsubscribe button and

just get it done. So, it looks like it

worked for 2 minutes

and it unsubscribed to all five emails

that I wanted to unsubscribe from.

>> Yeah, and I like that it can take

actions. The unsubscribe is a very

simple action, but you can also have it

draft messages and take other action

like this.

>> Use Codex all the time to find and

follow up on previous emails. So, for

example, I sent an email to book a hotel

in Japan and they haven't replied to me

yet. So, I basically asked Codex to find

the email for the Ufuin Hotel in Japan

to send a follow message, but let me

review it first.

So, it found the email

and it said that I sent the last follow

message a week ago

and it went off and actually drafted a

reply.

So, I'm following up on my reservation.

We want to stay during Christmas time,

prefer this room, and so on and so

forth. And because and because we have

our Gmail extension hooked up to Codex,

I can just tell it to send the email

after I edit and review it. So, I just

said send and it got sent successfully

to the existing thread.

Now, to take this to the next level,

what you can do is you can train Codex

to reply to emails using your voice and

tone.

If you look at this email, it's a little

bit too formal. So, why don't we

actually get Codex to learn my voice and

tone for emails?

So, basically I told it to review my

sent messages and let's create a {slash}

email skill to draft emails in my voice

and style.

And then it worked for 4 minutes. Let's

take a look at what I actually did. It

went through a bunch of emails and

reviewed everything. It actually even

recognized that my voice is different

whether I know the person versus someone

new, right? And then there's something

here. And it basically created a skill

here. Let's take a look. So, created a

skill called email and here's the

workflow and here is the voice that it

should follow. Now, let's actually test

the skill with the Japan email draft

that we had.

And 30 seconds later, you can see here

that it drafted the email that's a

little bit shorter and less formal,

which is more casual like my

>> All right, there are a couple of things

that I say about that. I still do not

want to check my email within a chat

thread. I think it's just annoying. What

I would want it to do is in the way that

I handle my email is I have drafts

created and I just read them in my email

app. That way I can go through my email

app as normal. I think email apps are

well designed, much better than a chat

for going through messages and I can

decide to send it, edit, or

or just delete it, or write my own. The

other thing is that I think is just as

important I don't like having my skills

on the Codex app. I like to have them in

GitHub in the cloud somewhere. That way

all my other devices and all my other

tools and all my other everything can

use it. I don't want to trapped in

Codex. I don't want to trapped on my

desktop. If I have it in GitHub, then

Cloud Code and whatever else comes out

tomorrow, Hermes Agent today, gets to

use it and I I like that sharing. Um

All right.

What you're going to end up having is a

lot of these conversations and I I like

how Peter, and we'll close it out with

this, organizes his projects and threads

and then we'll move on to the next

person cuz I think it's also important

for you to see how

uh Codex can have an email inbox that it

can check on its own, but let's go with

to this first.

>> Let's cover projects and threads.

So, I have two pinned threads here and

if I expand this,

here are all my projects, right?

And as you can see, I have projects for

my personal operating system and various

products and apps that I'm working on

down here.

Now, within each project, I like to

organize threads based on individual

tasks and workflows. So, for example, in

my personal OS project, I have threads

for making podcast episodes for various

guests,

for helping to edit my newsletter post,

drafting and posting social posts across

all social networks,

and so on and so forth, right? And one

thing that Codex does really well is

it's really good at compacting previous

messages in the thread while still

remembering what they were about. So,

basically, that allows me to essentially

just have extremely long-running

threads. You can see this is a very long

thread with a lot of back-and-forth

conversation.

And I just keep going. I'm not worried

about Codex getting confused or not

knowing what's going on. Another benefit

of of having one thread per workflow is

that it is so much more easier to manage

than having to manage a whole bunch of

threads for individual tasks, right?

Now, to organize your threads better,

you can also drag and drop individual

threads inside a project. And of course,

you can pin threads to the top that

you're working on.

One more thing is if you hold down the

pound sign on your Mac, you can quickly

navigate between different threads. So,

I can go to pound three, pound four,

pound two, and so on to nav

>> I love shortcuts. He said the pound, but

I think he means the command key, which

has a pound-like design on it. And you

have to hold it for a few seconds for it

to work, which is why I never knew it

was there. I would just tap all the

control, option, and command keys, never

see any shortcuts, and realize they

weren't there. I'm a huge shortcuts

person. I love that I could do that.

Okay.

Let's [clears throat] talk about giving

Codex an email that it can actually

manage. I caught this little clip in a

Greg Eisenberg interview with Dan

Shipper. Check this out.

>> He gives my Codex an email address that

rides on top of my email. So, you know

like you know the plus format in emails

or it's like, you know, you can do Greg

plus

you know, codex@gmail.com.

>> Yeah.

>> So, it basically uses the plus format to

register itself in email

inside of your email. So, I have Dan

plus Codex and there's like a random

string so you can't just email it.

Um

and then I can give that, and then what

what it does is I have this router

thread that checks that email inbox

regularly, every like 5 or 15 minutes or

so.

And then I can give that email out. For

example, we have an internal agent in

our Slack. I can give the agent that

email. So, when someone asked me to do

something

because I'm generally not as good at

like ops type type thing type things,

they know to ask the Slack agent and the

Slack agent knows to email my Codex

instead of emailing me.

>> This is brilliant. If this screen share

doesn't make any sense with what he's

saying, it's because

>> [clears throat]

>> it just happened to have come up in the

middle of the conversation weeks and

weeks ago. I didn't understand it at the

time and now I get it.

>> [clears throat]

>> And the impact is

like I I'm getting a cold, I think. The

impact is you can have Codex check your

inbox and know to only read and action

the items that have that plus and

whatever secret code you give it. And

that is really uh effective. Um you can

also give it its own inbox. The problem

I found is that Codex and other agents

will have a plugin for email, but it's

only for one email account. And so, what

I've done is I've used my sponsor, which

is Zapier, with their MCP to connect a

second email account. And so, I can say,

"Check my email this way or check my

email through the Zapier MCP." And that

way it could check two different

messages and it can do this for lots of

other tools. So, maybe I not maybe I

definitely have a Notion account that's

my personal Notion, which I can connect

maybe natively to these tools, and a

Notion account that's my work personal

work and now I have the ability to

connect multiple accounts using Zapier

MCP. I have that

um and you can try for free by going to

zapier.com/mcp.

Okay, if you give it an email account,

you need it to schedule

>> a runtime. You heard Dan say that he

does it what every 5 15 minutes? I

forget what he said. Here is how to do

that from the launch video that ChatGPT

created.

>> meetings. The next thing I wanted is for

this to happen without me asking every

time.

>> [snorts]

>> Let's try this.

Can you be my chief of staff and give me

a briefing every morning of what I have

to prepare for the day and while the

World Cup is going on, can you actually

give me the scores of the German team

and any other matches that I care about?

And that's it. The automation is set and

I don't have to remember to ask again

tomorrow. And by the way, this also

works on the go. The same chat is

already on my phone. I can start on the

web, leave my desk, and keep going on my

mobile.

>> And we'll talk about how to connect it

to the mobile, but the scheduling is

really effective. I used to think I had

to go into the scheduling section and

write a whole scheduling thing. I like

now that what I could do is just what he

demoed. When I'm done with a project, if

I want it to be repeated, I just tell it

repeat this at whatever time I give it,

and then I can go into the scheduling

section of the app and see what I've

scheduled in the past.

Okay,

uh here, this is how to connect it to

mobile. I think this is really

important.

>> The way to set that up is you want to go

into settings down here under

connections. You want to say control

this Mac, allow connections, yes. So,

you're going to click this add button.

It's going to give you this QR code. You

>> Which by the way, he hid the QR code

because the cool thing about this is you

can actually connect more multiple

devices, not just your phone to your

desktop, but a desktop to another

desktop. So, I have one laptop actually

that I take with me anywhere, and

another one that I keep on my desk. I

shut the one that I take with me, I

still want to control the one that's

remote, and then shut my laptop and have

the remote work. Anyway, I can do that.

So, you can control Codex desktop from

multiple devices, and they don't have to

be phones, and that's why and they don't

even have to be the same account. I have

my work account control my my personal

account and vice versa. Um and so,

that's why he's hiding the QR code cuz

we could actually control it. We don't

have to be on his account. Okay, let's

keep going with how to do it.

>> Simply take out your phone, point it at

it, and it'll open up ChatGPT and ask

you to accept the connection. And then

from then on out in the ChatGPT app on

your phone, you can connect to your

desktop computer. So, then on your

phone, there's this little remote tab.

You just click that. And then at the

top, you can see I'm

>> By the way, you see he's showing that

one computer, it's called Matthew Mac

Studio 6 local. And if you look to the

right of that, he has another one

because he could from that phone control

multiple

Codexes on multiple computers.

>> now connected to my Mac Studio. And all

of the threads that I have on my Mac

Studio are now available to me from my

phone. I can continue coding from

anywhere.

>> I like that he is a continue coding from

anywhere guy and a continue building

even when I'm stepping away guy. He's

big on talking about goals. I wasn't

sure if I should include it, but I think

when you've got a big project, this will

be really helpful. So, I want you to see

this.

>> I'm going to show you something

incredibly useful {slash} goal. {slash}

goal makes chat GPT run for a very long

time. But, not just for the sake of

running a long time, it is for

specifically achieving some goal. And

you're basically telling chat GPT

continue to run until you hit this goal.

And a goal can be one of two things. It

can be something verifiable. Continue

until the speed of my website is 50%

faster than it is today. Or, it can be

LLM as a judge. And you can say,

"Continue until the speed of my website

is as fast as you think possible." And

so, you can see the difference. One is

very verifiable. It is something that is

a concrete number. And the other you're

leaving up to the LLM to decide. But,

either way you can do that. So, as soon

as I hit {slash} goal, you can see this

little goal right here. And then, I will

describe the goal and define a

measurable outcome. And once I do that,

this can run for a long

>> Yeah, he's had it run for days and days.

I've never needed that and I don't want

to burn through credits that much or

through tokens. So, what I do is I say,

"{slash} goal, here's the outcome I'm

looking for." For example, I want to

match my new site to an old Squarespace

site that I had and don't stop until

you've checked and they've gone uh and

and it looks exactly the same.

Or until you've hit five rounds and then

stop and I could evaluate it. I don't do

what he does. He's had his go I think

for as long as 14 days. That's way too

much for me. Okay, speaking of not

burning through tokens, let's talk about

model choice.

>> fixed quota that they give you each week

and you don't want to just blow through

the quota using kind of the best biggest

model on a simple task. So, right here

in the chat you click right there and

first you select the model. You have 5.6

and three flavors of that, Luna, Terra,

and Soul. You still have 5.5, 5.4, 5.4

mini. I'm mainly using these three. Luna

and Soul are my go-to. I'm either using

Luna to do things really quickly and

save money or I'm using Soul for my most

complex task. Now, within Soul, once you

selected that, you also select your

thinking effort. For me, I'm usually

using medium, high, or extra high. I

rarely use light and I rarely use the

max setting for Soul. And the way that I

think about whether to use Soul or Luna

is obviously based on the complexity of

the task. For the really hard task, I'm

using the bigger model Soul. So, let's

say I'm building a website. I will

generally use Soul to actually build the

website and then the fine-tuning of the

website, like changing fonts or colors

or moving text around, moving images

around, that can all be done with Luna

because it's capable enough for those

simple changes.

>> I have to admit, I don't do that and I'm

constantly running out of uh tokens and

I'm constantly adding more and paying

for credits. It's a real pain in the

butt. Um

but I I I just keep thinking I'm I'm

working. I don't want to have to keep

switching models and models and models,

but maybe I need to do that more often.

Let's keep going here. I want you to see

how he has a really big impressive

request. Check this out.

>> Review the latest sales and inventory

data, then come up with one special to

run over the weekend based on the data.

Create a marketing idea to promote it on

Instagram, generate the image in our

style based on @ logo, suggest a

caption, then create an @ derive folder

and save the assets there, then @ Gmail

the link to me. So, this will use two

different plugins in one task.

>> And the @ is how you reference plugins.

I have not used the reference at times

and sometimes it'll figure out what the

plugin is and sometimes it'll go it'll

go nuts. Um but I think it is important

to say which one.

>> And this will use a pre-built skill for

image creation, which utilizes GPT image

two, the best image model for this type

of thing right now. It's all finished

and the image looks awesome. I'll read

the markdown file first. It went with

the latency lemonade and programming

pretzel. It has the reasoning below, how

many pretzels are on hand with 26 above

par that need to be used by Monday.

There's been positive customer feedback

on this combo, so a bunch of solid

reasons for this choice. It lays out the

Instagram campaign, then a suggested

caption that looks solid. And the image

looks amazing. And I can go to Google

Drive and it created a brand new folder,

then saved the files there. So, now I

could share that with the person in

charge of socials. And then for the

email, it says my Gmail isn't connected.

Um honestly, I never really use that in

here, so that's probably true. I can go

reconnect it and say send it.

And actually, it's still not able to use

the Gmail connector. I need to check the

permissions there. I've had it draft

emails before, so I'll see what's going

on with that plugin later, but it's

actually deciding on a workaround. It

says it's going to open up the browser

and see if I'm logged in there, which it

looks like I am. I logged into this

profile here for something else in the

past, so this is actually ChatGPT

controlling this browser, not me. The

glowing one is the chat GPT cursor. So,

it found me, typed out the full email

with the drive link, and then it's

clicking send.

And I guess I can actually see right

here that the email went through. I was

just sending it from this email to it

>> to itself. This is a very interesting if

use case. I specifically picked it

because it has ad design, it had

reasoning, it's connecting to multiple

tools, it is creating files and putting

in Google Drive. It screwed up or he

screwed up by not having the connection

to email. It pulled up the browser,

which is very powerful within the new

Codex chat GPT app, and then it started

working. When we're talking about this

becoming an agent, it is an agent now

that has plugins, tools, a browser,

desktop control as we'll see. Um really,

really very powerful and um

and again, you can use all this stuff

remotely, you can schedule it. Let's

keep going because I said you can

uh operate it can operate your computer.

Here's one simple example.

>> I'll run my first prompt. Here's a messy

folder from a Vibe Coding Cafe, the

context window. Clean it up by

organizing the files into folders, then

create one spreadsheet that pulls

everything together so I can see what's

going on with the business. I'll send

that off, and now it gets to work with

that folder as its workspace. And here's

what that folder looks like now that

it's starting with, just a bunch of

random files in here, CSVs, PDFs of

invoices, sales logs, text files. Work

is going to analyze all the different

files in here. It can understand all of

these and extract the information from

them. I'll come back once this is

organized and take a look. I'll pull

this up now, and you can see from all

those unorganized files, I now have 11

folders in here. Chat GPT created all of

these on its own, and it moved the files

around and organized them into their

proper folders. And they are all

categorized correctly. Then the output

folder down here should have the full

spreadsheet where it combined all the

data within those files, and it looks

great. This is a way better spreadsheet

than I'd ever than he'd ever make. It is

really incredible to see it doing it. I

think this is a basic example and I

didn't want to get carried away with all

the different computer use examples.

There are plenty of videos on that. I

just wanted to show that an agent can do

that. For me, one best example that I

had was

I used Hermes agent. I was in Iceland. I

had problems with it not using the right

models. I attached one and then a backup

and then a backup and for some reason I

guess I didn't do it right. I just went

to Codex on my phone and I said, "I want

you to control my computer, get into the

Hermes app and then fix it. I want it in

this order." Now, truthfully, it made a

mistake the first time where it it said

it did it and then I went back to Hermes

and I said, "What model are you using?"

And it was using the wrong one. I went

back to Codex. I said, "Hermes told me

you're using it's using the other one,

not what you're supposed to do." Codex

said, "I made a mistake." And then it

went back in and it clicked around on

the Hermes agent app and made it work

with the way that I wanted it to. And

that's the power of this type of agent.

An agent that can control your computer

and control it well. I see what they're

what they're going for here. Let's look

at one last creator that was

Futurepedia. I want you to look at Riley

Brown and he loves voice mode. He did a

whole video on it. Um but I think it's

important to include

>> this little white circle button right

here. And if you hover over it, it says

start a new voice chat. Let's go ahead

and do that.

Hey Chat GPT work. Um how are you?

>> I'm doing good. Thanks. How are things

going?

>> Yo.

Um can you please open up it's in my

notion. Uh there's a video database.

It's called GPT work explained. Can you

please open that up in the Codex browser

uh the notion doc?

>> Sure thing. I'll open that notion doc in

the browser.

>> No, you actually got the wrong one. It's

just called GPT work explained.

>> Got it. I'll switch to that one.

Okay, I'm switching the Codex browser to

the exact page GPT work explained.

>> Yes, exact.

All right, and you can do this both with

voice on the computer or with voice on

mobile, which is such a great way to

interact with your agent. Um

finally, [snorts] there's another way

that I like that he did it. I don't know

if you're Tell me if you're as if you're

as excited about this one as I am. I

find this to be a very helpful way to

interact with an agent.

>> Intro. Can you please write it in an

editable text block?

>> That's the thing I didn't even know you

can do. An editable text block.

>> Okay, so this is going to prepare the

intro that it's writing in a text block

that I can edit. And you can see here

it's using the Notion doc to understand

what the episode's about, and here it

gives me a response in this

little block, and I love it. It allows

me to just focus directly on this

section right here. I can full screen it

if I just want to focus on it. I can

very easily describe edits to this

document, and if I want to edit it

directly, I can just edit it directly,

right? I can type into it hello, and I

can kind of ask AI to make changes or I

can make changes directly. And if we go

>> That's really helpful for me because

sometimes I want um Codex to create a

rough draft of something, and then I

want to edit it, but I don't want to

copy it into Notion and then edit there.

Um it's also very helpful if it's asking

you a bunch of questions, ask it to put

the questions in an editable uh text

block, then you can write the answers

underneath its questions, you know,

basically fill it in within this, and

then send it back and say, "Here, I've

given you all the answers." It helps me

to be able to do that. And one last

thing about this is if you continue the

conversation from the desktop to mobile,

the editable block also shows up there.

So, those are the the creators that I

think were most helpful for me to

understanding how to turn Codex or

ChatGPT into an agent. Now that you know

how to do that, I think you might really

enjoy what everyone else is calling

Jarvis mode, which is a voice mode, and

so I've got a video here where I do the

same thing for voice mode. Subscribe if

you like this, and I'll see you in the

next video.




** Video: Free: turn books into skills & the top 10 GitHub repos (ID: HQqX4rF1nDM) **

No subtitles available for this video.



** Video: You won’t believe these ai agents aren’t human (ID: tQX7VS8iP4Y) **

There's a new AI assistant that will

have its own phone number, email

address, and be able to do work for you.

It is amazing. You've got to see it.

Someone created a robot that you can

program with Claude code. There's an

amazing new AI video creation tool that

you have got to see to believe, and we

tested it. We've got all that and so

many other AI launches this week. We've

got links below. Let's get to it.

>> Presented by Zapier, the AI automation

company.

>> Corey, this thing went hot, number one

on Product Hunt. What it does is it

makes phone calls for you. It sends

emails for you. It gets things done. How

many times you have an agent that needs

to like do research on something, and it

gets stuck. It turns it over to you to

make phone calls. This will do it for

you. It has been incredibly hot this

week. What do you think?

>> I think this is their play at creating

like a Jarvis-like assistant, right? I

think this is going to be an

out-of-the-box assistant that just

works. It makes calls. It does emails.

It does scheduling. It does all the

things. And I think it'll catch on. I

mean, a lot of companies are trying to

do this, but this seems to be really

polished and seems to be getting some

traction.

>> I like that it books follow-up tweets on

hold, and the pricing is reasonable. Why

isn't it showing up over here? We looked

at the pricing earlier. It's not coming

up. There's a free plan, and then

there's a tier that's $20 a month. Let's

go to the next one. This is amazing. You

found this. I hadn't heard of it. What

is this robot?

You and I, use What do you use? Cloud

Code, Codex to code?

>> I've been using Codex a lot more

recently, yeah.

>> Now, do you use voice dictation the way

I do?

>> I've been using it a ton recently, yeah.

Not so much for coding task, which is

why I like this product so much, but

like what does this one do?

>> What it does is it allows you to talk to

the agent a step beyond

dictation. Here, look, you're just

talking to it. Down here, you can see

how it works. Build me a banana bread

recipe page.

Now, the background is all this and this

is what you get built. So, you don't

even have to go through the big back and

forth here by text and dictation. This

just is voice and it will do the work

for you. It's been

really hot also. Again, number one on

Product Hunt. Product Hunt has been

identifying a lot of really good tech.

Next.

>> Yeah. [snorts]

>> Speaking of number one on Product Hunt,

this is AI that schedules better for you

than an EA and all it does is schedule

meetings. You and I I want to interview

you on what you're doing with Hyper

Agent. We're going to go back and forth

a few times by email trying to do this.

I might send you a calendar link and

forget that you hadn't responded to me.

All that stuff is what this takes care

of. Hey Noah will actually just handle

the back and forth, make sure that if

you didn't respond, you get reminded,

make sure that we book it and if we want

to have a a dinner reservation, it will

make the dinner reservation for us, too.

One trick, but it seems to do it really

well.

>> Yeah, what I like about this is it says

no app to install. It runs 100% via text

message. That's what it says up there.

It's like enter your phone number to get

started. So, it's like you type in your

phone number, it'll text you and then

you're using it immediately. I think

that's going to really catch on cuz I

think the friction that most people have

when setting up agents is the actual

setup

>> [clears throat]

>> and this completely eliminates that. So,

I think this will crush it.

>> One big issue and you pointed it out

before we got started. You said how much

is it? We couldn't find the price. I

don't know why they're burying the price

beyond like setting it up, but I don't

know how much it costs. If anyone can

figure it out, let us know. We're going

to go on to this video to this

creator. You love when people create and

share. This is one of those situations.

What did Omar make?

>> Yeah, so Omar vibe coded a simple app

that I mean I could certainly see myself

using it. When you're in the airport or

when you're on a plane and you're on the

airport Wi-Fi or the airplane Wi-Fi,

you can pull up this app and it can tell

you how strong your signal is. So, you

know what your download speed is,

whether you're you've got good

connectivity. I can't tell you how many

times I've been on the plane, my Wi-Fi

cuts in and out. I don't know if it's my

phone, I don't know if I should

disconnect or reconnect, but this pretty

much just gives you that insight into

and look it's ranked number 21 in

utilities, it says.

That's crazy. So, it's actually doing

well and it's cost 99 cents.

>> Yeah, and he's charging for it.

>> Yeah.

>> All right, wait.

>> think this is super smart.

>> I love that Omar did that. Okay, Agent

Sky is for those of us who love to

install agents, but do not want to have

a Mac mini running in the background the

whole time or in my case it's one of my

old laptops that's doing it. And the

problem with having that is that it's a

lot of maintenance. It does get to be

really frustrating to keep it up. And

here what you're looking at, three bucks

a month is where it starts

and you can just pick the model that you

want. Here you can select Hermes, you

can pick that it works on GPT 5.6 soul,

etc. And it just launches for you in the

cloud and then you could start to

connect it to things like

like [snorts] is that the Slack logo? Is

that what they made here?

>> Yeah.

>> [laughter]

>> This is this is someone's vibe coded

Slack logo, but okay, we get the point.

What do you think of this?

>> So, this to me is they're almost trying

to position themselves as like the

Chipotle of agent setups. So, the idea

is it's like you pick a harness, you

know, Hermes and even said like Codex

was an option. You pick your model, you

pick your capabilities. So, on that

homepage it said like, you know, scrape

web, generate images. You can kind of

give it all these capabilities and then

connect it to whatever you want. So,

it's like you you know, you're mixing

and matching, pick and choose how you

want your agent to to behave and to be.

And it's going to be more for that

person who wants a plug-and-play

experience versus someone like me and

you who is going to take the time to

like build Hermes from scratch exactly

how we want it to be. So, they they know

what market segment they're going after,

I think.

>> Yeah, my my big issue with something

like this is and I I do like this uh my

big issue is I do want it to have a

complete computer control and this

doesn't quite get me that, but um but I

can see people setting this up in the

cloud easily. Let's go on to the next

one.

App Lama, when we're vibe coding apps,

one of the things we want to know is how

should this look? Well, we can often

just turn it over to Claude code or we

can come here and look at this. You pick

like maybe you're creating a health app

and instead of just starting from

scratch, you can study this app over

here. You can see that it's done 40,000

revenue estimated in July 2026. You can

see the homepage. You can scroll through

and see what their onboarding flow was

like. What does it look like at the

paywall? And now you can study them and

make decisions on how your app will be.

Here's another one, 20K. What does this

paywall look like? What's their workout

setup?

I was going to delete this from the week

cuz there's so many news stories. You

wanted it on. Why why are you so excited

about this?

>> I like this one so much because I can't

tell you how many times I've gone to

create vibe code, whether it's like a

website or a landing page or even like a

simple app, and I don't have any

inspiration to pick from. So, this

again, you you do have to pay for access

here, which I think makes sense, but it

just gives you that UI inspiration so

that you can go and see what are the top

apps doing, how are they setting up

their paywall, what do they look like,

and then you can literally just hand

that to Claude or to Codex and have it

build your version of that. So, I'm more

than willing to pay the whatever it

says, $12 a month to get all that in one

place versus me having to spend, you

know, hours or even days finding

examples of what I want my product to

look like. So, I think this is awesome.

>> I think they're going to have a big

issue with people just signing up for 12

bucks and canceling immediately because,

you know, you need the inspiration, you

need the idea and

>> scraping it all.

>> Yeah.

>> Yeah.

>> All right, very helpful, very useful.

And by the way, this is the launch

offer. They just launched 25% off. It's

only available for another hour. It

might be different when you when you

check it out. All right, next.

Co-pilot. This is open source and here's

the idea. You have all seen how Claude

has gotten a lot of attention for adding

itself into Slack. But what if you don't

use Slack? What if you use Teams? What

if you prefer Discord, which a lot of

people do? What if you prefer SMS? This

idea is and I'm going to go away from

the GitHub page to their home page right

here. Their vision is you pick any agent

connected to any channel. They're going

to make it easy for you to connect.

I think it's I think it's useful.

>> Agreed. I mean, again, this is they're

trying to just give people the option of

any agent, any channel. Like that's even

what they say on their home page. So,

it's like you want if you want, you

know, an Open Claw agent in Discord,

great. If you want

a Hermes [clears throat] agent in Slack,

great. So, again, I think this is going

to be for the like the person or the

team who needs a who has a very specific

need around like we want this harness in

this channel and we just want a

one-click done.

Um I don't know I'm curious. Do you know

how much customization needs to be done

in the back end? Like is this something

where they just get the agent in there

and then it's up to you to build the

skills and the capabilities? That's kind

of what it looks like.

>> I understand, you connect it in and you

build the capabilities in basically

you're training it.

>> Okay, so they get you from zero to one

very quickly, but then it's your job to

get from like one to 10. It's kind of

what I'm saying.

>> I'm understanding. Exactly.

>> Got it. Okay, that makes sense.

>> All right. Um and then they give you all

the ideas for what you can do uh with

the agent.

Okay, next.

Gen Office. We're going to be quick on

this one. Here's the thing.

Microsoft Office came out years ago.

We're now seeing we next we saw the next

level, which is Google Drive where it

put everything into the cloud.

Obviously, Microsoft Office went next.

What this is is saying, "Look, we want

an agent first office, not just free,

which has existed for a long time, but

agent first so that your agents can

create docs, your agents can interact

with docs, and we don't want to limit it

to whatever model is available for you

with that software. So, instead of using

Gemini with Microsoft with with uh

Google Docs. This is Gen Office, gives

you more flexibility.

Um

I feel okay about it. I don't know. Not

loving it. I can't imagine people trying

it. I think it's or living in it. It's

just interesting.

>> My agents already live inside Google

Docs and Google Sheets, so it doesn't do

too much for me, but again, something

that people I'm sure will try, whether

they'll stick around is is to be

determined.

>> Yeah, it's a it's from an interesting

company, Gen Spark, I think. Yeah, Gen

Spark did this. I've been interested in

what they're doing. Let's go into the

final one.

You tell me when to stop playing. I'm

going to zoom in a little bit. Um

>> Hi, I ask people who look fit, "What's

your workout routine?"

>> I love videos like this.

>> Spin class.

I scream in the dark with strangers.

>> Does it help?

>> It's the only thing that does.

>> Hi,

I ask people who look fit, "What's your

workout routine?"

>> Gym at 6:00 a.m. I hate it there.

>> What's your routine?

>> Roller skating badly.

>> What's your routine?

>> Reformer Pilates, torture but cute.

>> What's your routine?

>> Wearing the outfit, that's step one.

>> Should we keep going?

>> So, I mean, you can pause here, but

again, the the reason this stuck out to

me is like this is so realistic. I don't

know about you, but I if I saw this

video, I'd be like, "This is real."

Like, I cannot tell this is AI. Can you?

>> Super realistic. This is the demo. They

are now letting people use it. We'll

have a link to this and everything else

below. Here it is for people to try out

themselves. The question is, when you

use it on a real world case, what is it

going to look like?

Um

but the vision is for this type of

hyperrealistic and I do think this looks

great.

>> Yeah.

Crazy.

Oh.

Wait, I created one. Let's see what it

looks like. I said I said a child asking

an adult why the sky is blue. Let's zoom

in a little bit. Here is me creating it.

>> [snorts]

>> Why is the sky blue?

>> Scatters in the air, sunlight, and blue

light spreads around more than the other

colors.

>> Okay.

>> [laughter]

>> Not bad.

>> We scrambled at the last minute to do

this. It cost me $1.80. Not bad to get

that. I would have liked to see more of

the the lips and voice match up as we

were talking, but

>> [snorts]

>> let's see. One more time.

>> Why is the sky blue?

>> Cheat It cheat It didn't show it. Okay.

Still

Scatters in the air, spreads around more

than the other colors. Impressive. All

right.

>> all things considered, I think that that

has huge potential. That's the best

video gen I've seen from like such a low

effort attempt and and ever, really.

>> Okay. All right. If you like these apps,

we've got so many other AI tools for you

right here. Follow me and we'll both see

you in the next video.




** Video: An agent you & your team will actually use (ID: U6y2xP9pSt8) **

This agent can sell for you,

and unlike Hermes and OpenClaw,

it's not just for nerds like me

.  This means everyone on my

team can set it up and

easily communicate with it via Slack

.  It's called HyperAgent,

and you'll see how to

set it up, how to use it, and how to

generate sales with it.  Alex,

show me how I

can win a customer with HyperAgent.

Let's go, Andrew.  We're here in

Slack, and here I work with my

team of agents and my team of

people.  I have a few

different agents here, as you

can see.  This one is called Signal and he

is my sales agent, and I can

mention Signal directly here.  Signal

is essentially a template that anyone


can install on the HyperAgent platform.

We've provided links to everything below

, okay?

Yes, links and credits to get

you started with your first attempt.  Um, I'm

sending this message to Signal.

You are requested to find out more about this company

, Swiss Solar, which

is a really cool local company.  I

am here in Waterloo, Ontario, which has

some incredible engineering talent

.  This is a company that


develops self-cleaning solar panel technology.  Really, really cool

stuff.  And you'll see that Signal


has just replied to my thread.  So, Signal with his little

astronaut avatar is here.  It will


begin by executing this outbound sprint.  Signal has

a number of capabilities that

we have configured it with for this purpose.  What

I can do is fast-forward to one

I've already performed.  This

outgoing sprint, which Signal

performs, lasts about 20 minutes.

I'll show you how to set up Signal

, and then I'll show you the

output of one of these outgoing

sprints, if that's of interest to you

.

Okay, yes.

Perfect.  This is therefore the

Signal profile, initially on the

HyperAgent platform.  Okay, out of

Slack and now into the

HyperAgent web app.  You can see that

Signal has access to various

tools here.  It can therefore

create drafts in Gmail.  It can

use Apollo to find and

enrich contacts, as well as to receive buy signals

.  It will read data from Airtable

as a CRM system and write data to it

.  It will book meetings in

Google Calendar.  And of course,

we just saw it on Slack.

Alex, let's pause here for a moment.

I have a hyperagent.  This is

the only agent I have in our

team Slack.  For the sake of simplicity,

I only had to click on the desired

tools.  I received the

OAuth screen.  I said, "Yes, I

want access."  I want to

grant access.  And that was it.

Here they are.  Exactly.

The only thing that took some time to set up

was Slack.  I

had to click on it and then follow a few

instructions to

set it up.

That's correct.  Yes, it's worth looking into

, because the

ability to mention your agents

and have them mention you in Slack

, as well as the ability

to mention each other, is one of the

features that our customers

appreciate so much about Hyperagent.  You can



give this bot its own identity directly here in the Slack setup.  This is what Slack calls a bot.

This agent essentially has its

own app on the Slack platform and

therefore its own name,

avatar, and everything else.  I can also

specify how this agent

should behave.

For example, I would like certain agents to

only respond if they are mentioned

.  I might also like

some agents to be very proactive.  When

my team and I are discussing our

next event or campaign plan, or

something similar, and I have

a marketing agent with me,

I might want that

agent to be proactive, in the way a good

employee would be proactive and say,

"Hey, I've noticed

you're starting to plan for the next

event."  I set out

and did some initial

research on speakers and


found a few venues for you.  "With

these agents, you can be super proactive about things like this

. You can control it here via

the channel.

I didn't know that. I've

set it so that by default it's

only 'If I mention it'."  I would

like mentions and replies in the

thread.  And now I have a

few other questions about when I

should use the relevant information

, but we'll continue.

Okay, great.  So there is this series

of tools.  Andrew, tell me, what would

your dream salesperson


do all day?  What would the cycle

look like that he would repeatedly go through

to help you build

your business?

Find out who your ideal customers

are, then find out their contact details

and create something individual

that doesn't feel like you're

just sending them a pre-written

message.  I will send

them via email from my

email account, but only if I agree to the sending

.

This agent is running in so-called

live mode.  So this is a single

thread that runs in a

loop 24/7.  And you set the

guardrails, you define the

specifications for what he

can and cannot do.  This particular

agent will

do a number of things each time this loop is executed.  He

will check the inbox for incoming

leads.  I

actually have it in my inbox.  He

is allowed to respond to warm incoming leads

.  This came from my

agent.  He's using my

inbox here, but a

warm incoming lead has come in.

We will take care of it immediately

and book a meeting.  We do

n't want the lead to ever cool down.

He will also find new outgoing

opportunities for us to

explore.  However, instead of

simply sending a generic and shallow email to

these prospects,


he focused his work for us in this

command center and created something that


delivers incredible results for our customers.  He

actually generated a unique

landing page for each buyer.    So

we are still with the example

of cleaning solar panels.  has


found active projects for industrial solar modules that have a real

buy signal.  That means they

would currently be on the market for this

type of offer.  And for each

one of them: Did the company know

about it?  How does it know that this

company is interested in buying here

?

Yes, I'll show you.  It cites all

its sources on this page.

So it created a page that


was personally prepared for those people who

would be responsible for this purchase decision.

OK.

And he actually created a video directly about it

, using images, recordings

of the product software, and some of his

findings from the

research he conducted.  There are

some animations here that

explain how the technology

works.  And then it included links to

its sources for various

announcements about this project

, which has been publicly discussed

, at the very bottom here.  As a seller,

I can verify his work,

but even as a buyer, you might ask yourself:

"How did you find that

out?" "And it will actually be the case

that it is like this:" Yes, I

read the entire PDF.  I have


read the five-year plan for implementation.  "You see.

And I can tell you exactly when and

where our product might be suitable for you

and what business

results it could bring."  There is no such

thing as a junior BDR (German Cycling Federation)

that could do this work on a large

scale.  That would be

completely impractical.

Okay, imagine I sell

AI services.  I interviewed a few

people who

help companies familiarize themselves with AI.

They use this agent to

find potential customers and

create entire landing pages

explaining why they


should sign up to work with them to familiarize themselves with AI

, and explaining

why they were chosen and all that

.  Understood.

We have a marketplace where

users can publish their agents and skills

, which can then

serve as templates for others.

Much like the idea you

just described, Corey

Gannum is a great YouTuber.  He

had this idea to find small businesses

that had great reviews

but either no website or a very

bad one.  I'll just show you

his abilities now.

This agent will find these companies

and set up a distribution center

very similar to this one

.  I just demonstrated and

said that these are the companies

you should approach to sell either your

AI services or your web design

, regardless of which AI package you

have, and it will find the perfect

companies for you.  A very,

very similar concept.  It's

crazy what people are doing with the

platform.

I record a weekly

news program with him, and he said,

"Yes, my hyperagent brings me

clients."  Okay, I understand.    Let

's continue.  You now have the

landing page.  Let me see how

the email goes out.  Or what is it?

What does this screen

you just showed me actually look like

?

This one.  Let me go back here

.  That was actually for

a different company, for which I

submitted the exact same application,

but that was for a different

company.  So I use the same

template for a sales representative to


create exactly the same thing for another company.  As you can see,

the result has a similar shape.

I can see it, and you can see it on

your website or in Slack.

Why shouldn't I just

stick with Slack and see all the results in

Slack?

Slack is a little restrictive.  in

terms of the visual aspects it

brings to the thread.  You'll

see that even my

thread with Signal here is getting this nice,

crisp text update.  I like

it when my agents are

precise in their communication on Slack.  I don't need

long, detailed answers.  And

then I will be linked to the

command center created by Signal.    So this

is what it has just

created here.

Understood.  OK.  So this is

all now in your command center.  How does

it reach the customer and how is the

transaction completed?

You will recall that we

saw the agent connected to the

Gmail integration.  That's exactly where it

will happen.  In this

setup, email drafts are

created, and I am notified

when the next batch

is ready for review.  I have

instructed that things here be kept very brief

and concise.  I can

insert this link to the artifact and

then view it.  Does all of this make

sense?  Does it match?  Does it seem

to use the customer's language?

Then I can be the one who

clicks "Send".  Some people

trust their agents in Hyper Agent

a lot and give them their own

inbox, i.e., their own

email address in Gmail.  The agents

then have complete freedom

to send messages all day long.

And it's very successful.  So you have

control, depending on how

comfortable you feel and how much

autonomy you want to give your agents

.

I hadn't thought of that.  And how do

you then grant them access to their

own email account?  How do

you like that?

Set this up in your Google

Workspace and then link the

account to HyperAgent in the

same way I just did with

my personal inbox

.  It's like

hiring another employee,

i.e., training a new one.

Understood.  Basically,

you simply create another

employee, and that employee

then has access to this tool.

Understood.  This is the simplest

way I've found to set it up

.  OK.  And how

difficult is it to train the agent

?  To understand what's in

your inbox and

know that you've received a response from a

potential customer, and

not just a random email?    Yes

.  So it's all part of the

cycle.  When our agent is

running in live mode, which I'll

come back to, all these

instructions are set for him each time

.  Essentially, every hour this

thread is simply re-executed using

this live-mode prompt

to keep this agent

running in this loop.

And there are a number of rules here

for managing incoming

messages.  What do we pay attention to

incoming messages?  What are

our guardrails?  Which process do

we want to carry out?  If

an unknown email address

comes in, we want to enrich

and verify it on Apollo

, conduct our own

web research, and then

decide: "Hey, this is a

qualified lead. I should

respond immediately."  That's a bit

doubtful.  Perhaps I should

mark this for my colleague

before I reply.  "

Customer care is also part of the cycle. This

means the CRM is used. You

can integrate something like Airtable as a

streamlined CRM. And the CRM

will perfectly track all activities

and say: 'Hey, this lead is getting

cold. We have

n't heard from them in a week. I'd

like to share another helpful

resource with them.'"  And then,

in each cycle, the CRM will also


perform further outbound activities and fill the pipeline with new

prospects.  And then it is

also instructed to continue learning.

The cycle of self-improvement

is therefore crucial here as well.  We do

n't want to always do the same thing.

When we receive answers, we will


log them in skills and memories, which this agent will then

update itself.  So, in our team

of agents, there is Signal, which

we looked at, the sales

representative.  He has the

ability to update all his skills and

memories himself,

based on what actually

works.  And

it can share these findings with the other agents.

This is where it gets really cool, because

synchronizing sales and

marketing is basically like a

stand-up.  It takes place almost entirely between the sales

representative and the

marketing representative, directly in

Slack, where you can review it if needed

, but

you don't have to.  You can simply have them

work together.  But

look, Signal, the sales rep,


tagged the marketing rep with the following text: “Hey, I

have a few hypotheses about what

works for cold outbound. If we

run ads, we should

test these as well.”  And they can

actually share these insights.

Multiple agents operate at the same

context level.

Oh, wow.  I didn't know that.  And that is for the

following reason.  For now,

I'm calling our Hyper Agent Hyper Agent.    So

we have Hyper Agent in it.  How

can I set it up so that everyone



sees their own personality, their own face, their own name, everything themselves?

Yes definitely.  I will now show you

the very simple setup process

for creating an agent.  On the

platform, we distinguish between

the so-called generalist, who

is something like @hyperagent.

You can simply come in here and

start your work, but you will not be speaking

to a named agent.  However, if I

dictate and say, "Create

an agent that performs SEO

and GEO checks on my website around the clock

and continuously

suggests new ways to improve it,

" then I am asking the

Hyperagent Generalist to create this for me

.  He will get to

work and has the tools to


create a named agent.  As you can see here on the

left, Signal,

Funnel, Redline and Inbound are all my

named agents.  So far, we have

focused on Signal.  First,

you will need the named

agent.  First, you need

this entity.  I'll let this

run for a moment so you

can see how the creation of a new

agent is displayed.  Then

we can go through the anatomy of some of these agents

.

OK.

But what do you think of this concept of



having multiple agents with different names for different tasks?  That's

a hot topic.  There are

different schools of thought.  Some are

now saying: "We simply want a

superintelligence that knows everything about our

company and every single function

."  Our customers are

gradually changing their perspective.  They want

guardrails, they want the mental

model: "Okay, I'm talking to you

about sales, I'm talking to you

about marketing. You can

access my emails or not. You can

access Stripe or not."  And

to have this distinction…What are

you trying to say?

No, I know I need that for my

team.  I want to provide some

clarity for them so they know:

"Okay, this is the person who

created our landing page."  In fact,

we use Hyper Agent to


create landing pages for almost every single video we publish on YouTube

.  It was quite an

effort to access Lovable and

create the landing page, and so on.

So we developed Hyper Agent.

We're now saying, "Look, I

need a landing page."  This is

the solution that is displayed to us.    And just like that

, there's a URL.  Anyone

can access it.

So you want to create these differently

named agents.  I'll just let this one

continue running.  But

you also want to add your agents to

a team.  So we have

this concept of a team that is a

shared container made up of

multiple agents who

can share skills and memories.  We

also have the ability to check all their

vital signs and

health status, and to



view the cost breakdown per agent via the so-called Command Center.  Customers greatly appreciate this

cost transparency.  You can search by

agent, thread, even by tool call

or model per thread.  A

thread will likely use multiple

models for different tasks

that the agent

can orchestrate.  But once you've created this agent

, we'll come back to it

as soon as it's finished here.  I

believe Hyperagent is still under

development, but there it is.  Here you can see

how an agent is created.  So, once it's finished, it will be

a one-click installation

.  But if I

look at one that is currently being created, in this case,

Signal.  You mentioned that

I would like to be able to mention this agent in Slack

, right?

Not only on the Hyperagent platform,

but also on Signal.

It's really quite simple.  Once you


view the profile of this named agent, simply go to

Slack.  I've already set it up here

, but you simply select

the bot identity.  And then there are

two clicks you need to perform on the

Slack page to

copy a token from the Slack page.

And as a final touch, you can

easily create an avatar for your

agent here.  I was drawn to

this astronaut style for Signal

.  They simply take this

image.  You can upload it to the

Slack page.  We'll be simplifying all of this

very soon with some

improvements to Slack.  And here we go

.  You now have your Hyper

Agent entity, your named agent

on Hyper Agent, and your Slack bot, all

one-to-one.  So you can

now actually mention the name of

this particular agent,

and you can also see the visual

identity of this agent here.

Can I see how to add

a team member, such as my

chief of staff, to the Hyper Agent page and assign them the ability to


control the creation of these agents?  He can

review and edit the agents I have created

.

That's correct.  Within this

concept of a team, you can of

course have multiple agents and multiple

people.  And here are my

teammates.  Here you see a

small but strong team consisting of the

two of us.  Different roles.  You

can have one owner with full

control.  You can

have an editor who can execute tasks

and make targeted changes

.  Or you can have a member who

can only use the agents.

For example, we see AI agencies that

you mentioned earlier, such as

Corey Ganum's or Nate Hurk's target audience

, with whom we have also

collaborated.  These

agencies want to own the

workspace for their clients.

Your customers will only ever be

here as members.  They don't even need to

be HyperAgents, as they


can simply interact with this agent via Slack, WhatsApp, or Telegram.

And the consultant can be the one

who is responsible for creating, editing,

and maintaining these agents

.  So, one team,

several employees, several agents,

all gathered in a circle here.    Let

me put it this way: Everyone on my

team can easily interact with Slack

when they're in the channel.

I don't think I needed to add them here

, right?  Correct.  Correct.

My channel is in there.  So I want to

talk about why this


is better compared to Hermes Agent, Open Claw.  What do you see?

The big thing we are building on as a

central architectural decision

is this

multi-agent architecture.  And that's why

I was curious about your opinion on this,

because I don't want to have to buy multiple Mac

minis to have different

agents with different tasks

.

But I don't have to do that.  I have

a Hermes agent, and he's on

a laptop, and there are several

personalities in it.

You don't need multiple laptops for that.

That's correct.  So they would have multiple

agents, all running on the web, in the browser,

and in the cloud.  The

setup is therefore simple.  I do

n't know what your experience was when

setting up some of these other tools

?  Is it as straightforward as what

you found with Hyperagent or...

?

I found setting up

Hermes Agent to be really easy,

especially today with the desktop app.

The problem I had with it was

the connection to Slack.  I

spent a Sunday on it and

couldn't finish it.  Maybe it's

me.  I know that other

people have done it, but it's

not as easy and straightforward as

it should be.

As people may know,

Hermes Agent is

Airtable's new standalone product.  When you think about

the origins of our company

, we took Airtable's

very powerful technical

capability to build relational databases and

apps and made it truly accessible through

a comprehensive investment in user

interface and UX

.

We also removed all the things that


should actually be invisible or accessible with just one click.

We want to achieve the same thing with Agent

.  So I hope you will find the setup and use much

smoother and more intuitive


.

When it comes to Hermes Agent,

it's on my computer, I have

control and I'm the one

responsible for it.  I ca

n't say to someone else on my team,

"Can you do this with Hermes

Agent?"  That's a problem

.  So this is my own personal

thing, which I really love, but I ca

n't say, "Lauren, I

want you to do this."  First

.  Secondly, if something goes wrong here and there

and my laptop breaks down,

the team cannot access it,

and I cannot


store business-critical things on it.    Yes

.  Absolutely.  Yes, very well said.

Yes, there is this pattern that we can observe in

large and small companies

: A person who is

really enthusiastic about

working with agents develops

something incredible and is then the

only one who can use it.

And I see that you've

integrated all the models here, and it

just works, right?

You can bring your own

OpenAI subscription.  Claude is a bit more

restrictive, but you can

actually integrate your ChatGPT subscription

, which we only introduced in March

.    Do

you know that feeling?  Dude, I've been using this for

weeks.  I had no

idea.

Yes, yes, yes, you should arrange that.

Simply go to the settings,

click on AI providers and

then connect.  Your

ChatGPT subscription is used here, and it will

use that first before

accessing your hybrid agent balances.

Is it theoretically possible for me to

pay you nothing but

continue using my OpenAI subscription?

That's

pretty close.  The only

difference would therefore be things like these

small fees for other tools

that HyperAgent will use, and we

give it an initial credit to

cover these things.  But for example, Exa

for the search, uh, browser-based, to

actually allow this agent

to use its own browser.

You can see how negligible these

costs are, but um, yeah, basically

you can cover 99% of the way just with your

ChatGPT subscription if

you have a sufficient one.

Okay, there you have it.  As I said

, we'll have a link to it below

, and Alex, you have a URL that

we can give to people, which


would give them free additional usage.  I love it.  We

used it.  Check out

the link below, and now that this

is over, I have another video

for you to watch here

.




** Video: Easiest way to install local LLM (ID: kb3es9LS8Wc) **

No subtitles available for this video.



** Video: He Built an AI Job Search Agent After Getting Laid Off — Now It Has 30K GitHub Stars (ID: HoVxjMNFYv4) **

This guy got laid off after having a

baby. He started job hunting the usual

way, and then he came up with a clever

way to use Claude to get a job. His

system scrapes job sites, finds the jobs

that are the right fit, customizes

everything like cover letters, and

automates much of the job search. It

actually helped him get a great job. He

then did something incredible. He posted

[snorts]

his setup on GitHub.

Thousands of people used his setup to

get jobs. It became the top GitHub repo

of the week twice. Now, we're going to

do a screen share where he'll show you

how this system automates a job hunt and

how you can use it, too. But, the other

takeaway that I want you to get from

this is that the new way to share and

teach and [music] help the world is to

just publish your workflow on GitHub.

You're going to see the impact it has.

Let's get to it.

Presented by Zapier, the AI automation

company. Mads, what are we looking at

over here?

>> So, we are looking at the job search

dashboard, uh which actually shows you

the current state of the different jobs

that you have actively been applying to.

So, you can see the ones that are

active, interviews, offered, if you are

hired, or the ones that are rejected and

closed. And uh

yeah, the different sectors that you've

been applying to by channel,

uh and you have all the applications

there and also a nice tabular form.

>> It is so cool, and one of the coolest

parts about this is that you didn't make

this. Who added this?

>> Uh well, because it's open source and

it's MIT license, uh there's a lot of

people that try to to come up with

contributions and and really creative

ideas of how to represent all the stuff

that is inside the the repository.

Um so, this is just one one of many

contributions um lately. Yeah.

>> So, I love this. This is so exciting.

Okay, let's take a look at that second

tab, which is LinkedIn. What are we

looking at with that one?

>> Yeah, so for this one, it's uh one of

the

um

applications that was found using this

job scraping workflow that is also part

of the repository, right? So, initially

you you set up your profile. There are

different ways to do that, but basically

you can you can one of the approaches is

to to take your former CVs and cover

letters and all that, and then it would

nicely sort it out what is going on and

build like a bulk profile of who you are

as a person.

And

based on that profile, you can then

proceed with

finding different suitable roles for

you. And this is just one of the

examples of an

So, I tried to make like a demo profile

to

potential role for me, and this is one

of them from from LinkedIn, a machine

learning engineer role.

>> And the way that you got it by was by

running a prompt in Claude. You want to

show that and show the output?

>> Yeah. Sure. So, the

prompt that I just wrote was this job

scraper.

And when when you initialize that and

you have your profile and you have

figured out different sectors or

whatever different roles that you want

to apply to, hitting this

command will then

go through the different portals that

you've set up, for example LinkedIn, and

come up with with different potential

roles for you. So, this is just the

first one with some of the higher

matches you can see here.

The different titles, the companies, the

locations, deadlines, the link to the

URLs where the the scraper has actually

found them, and you can see the medium

matches and some of the

Usually there's also the lower fits,

right? But but you should you would you

would pay your attention to the high

matches. Yeah.

>> Okay. And what it's doing is it's

scraping individual sites. I've asked

you in the past which ones, and you've

explained to me, "Look, different

countries have different ones that are

worthwhile." And so, you we let the user

pick it. All of this is in a a GitHub

repo that anyone can see. Would you just

kind of scroll through it and just show

us just a quick overview of what's in

it, and then we'll go into the next

step. Once you've scraped a job and

you've found it, what's Yeah, what's in

here if you want to just show us?

>> In the uh, itself?

>> In the Yeah, in the repository. It's

like set of skills, right?

>> Yeah, exactly. Exactly. It's a It's a

set of skills and there is a lot of

different commands and, yeah, this is

just some of the stuff that I just, uh,

covered right with the setup. You fill

in your profile. You do the scraping.

Uh, presents the the matches. You could

do a fit. We'll come back to that

shortly with the, uh, slash apply, which

is really like the

I think the the holy grail of, uh, of

the repo. And then, um, after that, you

there is a um,

draft and review agent that that helps

you like come up with the best version

of software for a specific role that you

want to apply for.

>> Okay. All right, let's take a look at

the next step in the process. And again,

just to say, all I usually do is I take

the URL from this repo. I give it to

Claude and I say, "Okay, I want to do

this." Okay. So, now it scraped the job

site. It found some good,

uh, prospects for you based on your

background and now you pick the one that

you think is good and what does it do

next?

>> Well, then it, uh, when you use the

slash apply, um,

command, it then fetches the the job

description or you can you can fill it

in yourself.

Um, or if it's a part of the

conversation where you've just scraped

the the the different roles, you can you

can just, uh, continue from there. But

as you can see here, it says fetch this,

uh, LinkedIn, um, job description that I

had before. And then it comes up with

the evaluation for for this specific

role. And there are different dimensions

that it actually tries to match you on,

right? There's the technical skills, the

experience match, behavioral fit, how

you are as a or, yeah, as you are as a

person.

Uh, do you like bigger teams, smaller

teams? What kind of work environment?

Uh, the location itself, is it uh,

within your commute constraint, for

example, if you if you put in that.

Uh, also your career alignment. And you

can see for for this specific role, it

gives me an overall score of, uh, 73 out

of 100 and says that it's a good fit.

And then it with highlighting the key

strengths for this role, what is some of

the

advantages perhaps that I have, and it

also has the gaps that you want to

address, right? I mean, the the things

where perhaps you you fall a bit short,

but it could also be how you can you can

comprehend with this or how it should be

approached, for example, in the cover

letter.

Uh so, the overall recommendation here

is that I should apply. And it's a yes

with some caveats, right? So.

>> I like this a lot. Okay. So, then what I

like that it that it does this type of

analysis

and it does it in bulk.

>> Yeah.

>> What's the next step once you do this?

When you say apply?

>> Yeah, if I then you see apply, then we

come back to to the holy grail of the

the draft on the reviewer agent. So, it

it it comes up with the the drafter that

yeah, drafts a version of your cover

letter and your CV for for this specific

role.

And

then it's sends that off to a reviewer

agent which has a fresh context window,

so no no information of

who you are and it's it's not really

biased in that way. And it it basically

just takes

the the parts from from the draft agent

and really scrutinizes against your

ground profile. Is this really true? Is

this something that Mass has done? The

the things that he's claiming? Is is

there something that is perhaps blown up

a bit for this role? So, it it tries to

make it as grounded as possible, but

also, of course, being again presented

in in a nice manner, right?

Uh and then then when the reviewer has

come up with this critique, it's turned

back to the the drafter and

yeah, the there is a finalized version

presented to you in the end.

>> Can we see the the CV and the cover

letter? I've got a couple of questions

about that.

>> Yes, let's see.

>> Because the beauty of this, I've tried

this myself, it will customize to the

job.

>> Yeah, exactly. So, it it really tries to

to highlight all the things that you

have done that is relevant for the role,

right? So, it's it's a it's a process of

um

maybe not just highlighting your your

latest role with the perhaps the the

most

relevant things that that you have done,

but also if there are former roles that

are also relevant, it can also

cherry-pick all these things that are

that are relevant for for the the

current job description that you're

looking at, right? Uh

so, yeah, selected projects, projects,

education, some publications for my side

here,

certifications,

professional experience, and all all

these things are are presented and are

cherry-picked for this specific role.

>> I found that the CV was especially well

done and I didn't even have to say

anything beyond here's the job. Um okay,

and then who actually clicks the buttons

and applies on LinkedIn or the other

sites?

>> Uh

that's I mean, that's that's my

philosophy that it's not something that

I've implemented that you you also

apply.

Uh this is something that is presented

to you and you are the the owner, of

course. You you are

at least the the one that wants to be

employed. So, uh in the end, it's it's

up to you whether you want to send this

or not. So, that's why I've actually set

the threshold that it's up until here

that we made the optimization process,

and then from here you you need to apply

yourself.

>> Um and so, the dashboard was created for

you by someone, someone who contributed

in. If someone were to contribute the

the auto apply, would you add that on or

would you push it away?

>> I I haven't added it on so far. I cannot

actually remember, I mean, there is over

200 pull requests by now. Um

I I would say that in in my main

philosophy and also what I wrote about

while I was unemployed at LinkedIn was

that this is I still regard it as a a

human process in the end, Uh, although

there's a lot of this stuff that is

filled in with AI now.

So I like the idea of still having some

kind of human in the loop

just at at some point in in in the

workflow, right? And that's also why I

came up with this evaluation fit, right?

I mean this is not a by volume game.

I I myself applied for I think it was 69

different roles and I was invited to

around

21st

interviews and I think I mean a

conversion rate of of 30% or so roughly

is

perhaps pretty good. But yeah, and of

course it could also be about my

profile.

But but I do think that there is a lot

of

how can I say a lot of the the process

was also filtering out the unrelevant

roles for me. So this is really about

yeah, looking at this evaluation metric.

Doesn't really I mean the the specific

number whether it's 72 or 73% is not

really relevant. It's more about making

yourself think about what you want, what

is good for you.

I mean what what what kind of job do you

actually want?

So I really like the idea of having an

AI that also pushes back and not just

mass applies for you.

>> So then how does it know in the

dashboard how many jobs I applied to and

what I'm waiting on?

>> Well, it is because it it keeps up some

statistics in the end about the the

different roles that you have applied

to.

I mean this this was

>> I applied to?

>> Yeah, because

I mean everything is in your contact

window of course. So when when you do

the apply you can then set say to it

afterwards, okay I actually applied for

this job. Please log it in our memory or

something. I I think there are different

ways to do it.

As I said this this dashboard was not

something that was uh

um

something yeah, exactly. It was

contributed in. But I mean I

I I personally myself just kept a

CSV file with all the logging of of the

different jobs that I had applied to and

the ones that I was rejected from and

all that. So, yeah, just trying to keep

like a small diary so to say of of uh

the job hunt.

>> So, the interesting thing is you put it

up, it became the number one GitHub

repository of the week for 2 weeks.

>> Yeah.

>> You didn't know about it until we

covered it here on the channel and

that's when people told you. The reason

I'm shocked by that is

I thought what you were doing was

putting it out there to kind of raise

your profile or at the very least

putting it out there the way some people

post on LinkedIn or Twitter to let you

know, to create content for the world.

And then we watch [clears throat] to see

how many people are viewing it, how many

people are liking it and so on. You

didn't do any of that. What was your

motivation for publishing and why didn't

you pay attention to those vanity

metrics?

>> I think

I've been so happy about the open source

community myself and all the things that

that people put out there on on for

example GitHub with the repositories and

how they they share the knowledge. Um

so, I wanted to give something back and

well, it wasn't at the time when I

published this repository. I thought

like, okay, this is going to blow up and

have I think it's about 900

oh sorry, 9,000 forks by now and

we're approaching 30,000 stars or so.

But but I mean, just having one or two

persons finding this stuff useful or

taking it with this MIT license and

using it for for their own workflows

would

at least make me happy and the

the way that people have reached out to

me

from all over the world basically saying

how happy they are for this open source

workflow is just yeah, overwhelming. So,

it's it's really something that gives

back I don't know, a million fold or so.

It's

it's really amazing.

>> So, this was just you saying, "I've

gotten so much from the open source

community. There's times when I needed

some skill and I would go and use it.

There's times when I needed an app and I

would go and get it." And so, now I'm

just going to contribute it. And I did

see actually you had a couple of other

projects that you put up on GitHub all

public none got nowhere anywhere near

this. [laughter] We're talking about

dozens of stars versus now thousands.

>> Yes.

>> Um okay.

I think that this is the future of

teaching people. In the past, if

somebody learned something they might

write a blog In the old days it would be

write a book about it, right? That's how

you share knowledge.

>> Yeah.

>> Then it became further democratized by

you could write a blog post about it.

Then it became even bigger by creating a

YouTube post or even an Instagram post.

And it was a way for people to teach and

and others to learn and at the same time

raise their profiles.

>> Yeah.

>> What I like about this is

you are not just teaching, you're giving

people the tool that gets the result

that you got. You're basically you From

what I understand, you went through

Claude and you said do all this. You

kept changing it. And every time you

just come up with a new improvement, you

improve your personal Claude skills. And

at the end you ended up with skills that

made sense. And you said, "I'm not going

to use it for myself. I'll package it

and I'll give it to other people. They

get the same results as me instead of

writing a blog post saying what I did."

That's the vision, right?

>> It's also funny if you actually look at

the Now, I don't have the statistics

about how much of my repositories code

and how much of it is actually just

plain text. I think it's about 50/50 or

so. I mean, it's it's funny that skills

I mean, it's it's just built up by

words, right? I mean, everyone can can

read it and and understand it. So, it's

it's

um

it's a it's a new world where these

highly

specialized instructions for for the AI

models is something that is shareable

and yeah, as you said yourself, the the

new way of sharing knowledge, I think.

Or at least filtering out or dictating

which way the the AI model should go.

Um what one of the things that people

also uh reach out to me uh asking is how

the how you how you set it up basically,

right? And I think there's also a lower

threshold now of or the barrier is is

lower now to uh how to make these stuff

uh or how how to make it run on your own

computer. Because basically you you can

just take the URL, the

the URL for the GitHub repository, paste

it in your your prompt and say

how how do you make this work on your

local machine and it will guide you and

it will just set it up for you, right?

So.

>> All right, let's close out with this.

Can you just tell me your story of how

you lost your job, what you did, and how

this helped you, and where you are now?

>> Yeah, exactly.

I can do that. I am I was impacted by

layoffs in in mid-December last year.

And

at the time I was

yeah, actually on parental leave and I

was uh

I was

playing [snorts] around with with Claude

Code because I saw that I mean a lot of

things were were going on with agentic

coding at the time.

And um

after the

the unemployment started, I also talked

to a career advisor and tried to figure

out what I wanted to do and I mean all

this

combined basically

made me realize, okay, this is actually

something that can be optimized and this

is something that uh agentic

workflows can can help you with. Uh so

it it was also like a trial and error

process because

uh in the beginning I was just having

the the draft uh agent and I saw that,

okay, the the outcome is actually not

that good and it would just blow up all

the things that I've done. I was like,

wait, I haven't published that many

articles and stuff like that, right? So

um

I think the the really strong idea came

when I was looking at how, for example,

um

RAG systems and and different stuff uh

uh you you use LLM as a judge.

So, you you can use another agent to

um critique or score one agent's output.

So, using this basic idea was something

that I then tried to implement and I

just saw that the results became way

better. And I thought like, okay, this

is at now it's something that I am not

ashamed of making public. Uh

so, if any anybody else can use it, then

then yeah, feel free. And that was while

I was job hunting myself.

So,

uh yeah, then after a couple of months

of using my own workflow and also trying

to tinker with it a bit more, I managed

to to land a job as an AI engineer. So,

uh

>> [laughter]

>> Yeah.

>> and that's where you are right now.

>> Yes.

>> I wanted to highlight this partially

because I think this is a really good

repo that has helped thousands of

people, and the other part because I

think this is the future.

>> We built things for ourselves, we turn

them into skills so that they're

reusable,

or our process into skills so it's

reusable. And now the next step after

that is to share it, and you've done it.

It's been exciting to see how the

community now is building on it in

addition to using it, and I should say

to anyone listening, this is one of 10

repos that we covered the first week

that that the repo became top 10. We do

this every week where we go through the

top 10 repos of the week, and we see

what's hot, what's interesting, how you

can use it, and there's so many great

gems in there. And so, I'll have a link

right here so you can see one of them,

and I think you'll well, I'll see you in

the next in that one.




** Video: Free: Agent creation, chat, task-assignment and other tools. (ID: dkZ-FkNd3l0) **

No subtitles available for this video.



** Video: 2 OpenAI tools combine to make Jarvis (ID: JxhC6Tch2T0) **

OpenAI just released real-time voice

directly inside Codex, and this is the

closest thing I've seen to Jarvis. And

this is actually just a voice [music]

agent that connects to all of my tools,

can do basically all of my work, build

and edit applications, [music] and fully

control my computer. And arguably, the

coolest part about this new feature is

you can use real-time voice on the

ChatGPT app to control Codex [music] on

your computer. And I'm going to show you

exactly how to do that.

>> Uh, no, I'm going to show you. In fact,

multiple people showing you how to do

it, all the different features, and use

cases to show you how powerful it is.

And it's actually more powerful than

what he just said. You can get it to

control different apps remotely from

your phone. You're going to see it all.

Let's get right into it, cuz boy, I've

been watching and using so much of what

I learned. Let's get into the first one.

Presented by Zapier, the AI automation

company. Here is a specific use case.

Email in the Codex app or ChatGPT app,

I'll use the names interchangeably,

within their browser.

>> Hey, buddy. I need you to look at my

drafts in my email. I I created one a

little bit ago. Uh, sent to Emily. I

need you to pull that up in the Codex

browser, please.

>> Sure. I'll find that Emily draft and

pull it up for you.

>> Takes a little while.

There it is.

All right. So, thank you. Um, you pulled

it up for me. Thanks. I'm going to go

ahead and send that. Another thing

>> Okay. That's really helpful, and I find

that it's most powerful when you're

voice to control the Codex ChatGPT app

and the browser that is built inside of

it. But, I don't [snorts] love the

browser inside of it because I don't

have all the plugins and a couple of

other things are missing for me. Still,

very good use, and uh, let's keep going.

I want you to see this. This is uh, Greg

Brockman, OpenAI's president, talking

about how much audio and how much uh,

voice matters right now. Look.

>> Is the goal, though, that we are sort of

talking to our computers, and we don't

really need to type anymore.

>> I think that we will shift [snorts] to

that as by far the vast majority of what

we do.

>> I will say for me, the vast majority of

my typing now is done with voice and it

feels weird and slow to to type in. I'm

now using my voice to control apps more

and more. It is not the vast majority

for me. I would say it's about 20%,

maybe 10% and I'll give you some use

cases as we go along here. But what I'd

like to know from you is, I know some of

you are super smart, far further ahead

even than I am. Tell me in the chat how

much voice are you using and where do

you see this going? Okay.

Um,

let's go how do I access

>> we can access this with a couple of

caveats, so make sure to stick with me.

First of all, if we come to

chat.openai.com, we have the voice mode

right here that we could activate, but

this does come with some limitations.

>> And we'll get into limitations, but I

should say if you this is basic for you,

I've got all the chapter markings below

so you can skip ahead.

>> that I'm going to talk about here in a

second. Now the next place to use it and

I highly suggest this over

chat.openai.com is the chat.openai.com

desktop. That is inside of the desktop

app. On top of that, we can also access

this on our mobile app on our phone,

which comes with some pretty cool

capabilities, which I'm going to show

you later on in this video. Now let's

quickly talk about the difference of

using chat.openai.com versus the

desktop. So for using this on our phone

or the web application, it does not have

the ability to run different tasks for

us and use our actual screen, pull

information from our computer, etc.

Think of this like using normal

chat.openai.com mode, you could talk

back and forth with it and the model

sounds really good, but it doesn't have

the full capability. Whereas in the

desktop app, we can run tasks and

specific agents and basically do

everything that I'm going to

>> All right, let's get into it. Now that

you see where it is. Oh, by the way, my

sponsor is Zapier MCP. I like Zapier

whenever I connect any agent to my

email, to my notion, to my more

sensitive data, I can use Zapier MCP to

select and again, it's just checkboxes

where I could check and say I want it to

have access to read my email, to draft

my email, to maybe add labels to it, but

not to hit send on it. And I have access

to over 9,000 apps. To be honest with

you, I only connect like 11 apps total

to it, and then give those 11 apps to an

agent or maybe eight, and then give

those eight

apps to Hermes agent or whatever it is.

But it gives me the safety that I want

and the power that I want all my tools

to have. It's one of many tools from

Zapier. If you use my Frankly, I don't

have a URL. Just trust. If you use it,

let them know that you heard about them

from me. zapier.com/mcp.

Try it out for free. Let's keep going.

All right. Now, I want you to see

multiple actions together using voice.

>> One thing that's really cool about this

is I can close the side panel, and I can

just enter this full screen mode. And

are are you still there, Codex?

>> Yep, I'm right here.

>> Very cool. Um can you just actually turn

all of these into Don't use any names.

Just create a new Google Doc for these,

and open it up in a new tab in the

browser. And And um just so I get a good

summary of the issues going on uh with

our product.

>> Sure, I'll take care of that.

>> Did you notice a little jump cut? It's

because this takes time. All right.

>> And I love that I can just see this

right here. It's creating file,

thinking,

getting document,

and I don't even need to have it open. I

can just kind of have this real-time

voice just kind of like hovering over

everything.

>> Again, it's vamp in cuz it takes time.

>> to get used to, but I think I will.

>> And there it is. So, you worked in one

app, had something else done in the

background, and a lot of this background

app stuff I can't really show you. And

most people Not most. I haven't seen a

good demo, and I've watched now dozens

of videos on this. You should just know

you can ask it to do things in the

background. It doesn't have to be stuff

that you see up front.

Okay.

So far we looked at it in the app

itself, like in the Codex ChatGPT app

taking action. Let's break free of that

uh with Brock.

>> Now, one thing want to mention that's

pretty cool is you can see this little

chat GPT voice blob and we can basically

put this anywhere on our computer. So,

let's say I

>> At the moment I will say I can move it

anywhere on my computer, but it you

can't properly move it from screen to

screen.

>> I'm editing this video right here for

example. You could still see chat GPT

voice mode and I could just basically

come here and say, "Hey, I want you to

look at my screen. What does it look

like I'm working on right now? I need

help with this."

>> Okay, I'll take a look.

I'm reading what's on screen.

>> Did you see that? It took a screenshot

of it and that's the difference when

you're working with apps outside of the

Codex app. It can't see it in real time.

It takes a screenshot when it needs it.

>> I know. You're actively editing a

roughly 7-minute project in CapCut with

the clips basic settings open.

>> Yeah, could you actually break down how

I can apply filter? I can't figure out

how to do it.

>> I'll check that real quick. In CapCut,

click filters in the left sidebar, then

choose one and drag it onto your clip in

the timeline. To apply it across the

whole video, drop it onto the main video

track then adjust its intensity in the

right panel.

>> helpful. Really helpful, very practical,

any app. It's more pow- it's more

powerful when you tell it to do stuff,

but sometimes like this you actually

want to know how how um how to do it

yourself.

It at times requires permissions which

drives me crazy and um it can be a

little slow, but it's great for just

doing it on a separate monitor and then

moving on to something else.

Okay, I love this guy. This guy uh

Harrison Painter. He's got like an 8-9

minute video and almost the whole time

he's got his hands up here like and

don't shoot me to show you that he is

not using the mouse and tricking you and

doing it himself. It is Codex doing it.

Uh but here, I think this is helpful

because launching well here.

>> Perfect. Now, I want you to go into the

bookmarks, find the socials folder and

open LinkedIn.

>> Sure, I'll get that open.

>> Hands up in the

>> Chrome is open and I see the bookmarks

bar. I'm finding that folder now.

>> [snorts]

>> You see it take a screenshot?

All set? LinkedIn's open from your

social

All right, and then he has it write a

LinkedIn post for him and create an

image and attach the image and I've got

a link to him and everyone else if you

want to watch more of them below. Um

if I showed this to some of my friends

and if you showed it some of your

friends are going to say, "Well, can I

just go and click into the browser and

the bookmark and isn't that faster than

waiting on this?" Yeah, that's not the

point. The point is that if it could do

it and it could do it in the background,

you could string multiple actions

together, have them done in the

background and in a moment you're going

to see that you don't even need to be on

your computer to do it. And let's keep

going.

Posting a tweet with something else

stuff. So, if I log into a different

account, as you can see, we're going to

see if we can actually just like do

something useful like posting a tweet

for us. So, let's try this right now.

Can you post a tweet about the power of

ChatGPT voice for me, please?

>> Checking that. I'll draft something

tight and show it to you for approval

before posting. Something like ChatGPT

voice is like having a collaborator.

>> So,

just um just post it. Just go on to X

and write it right away.

>> I've drafted it for the AI Playbook

account. Say publish and I'll post it.

>> Publish.

>> Posting it now.

>> Perfect.

>> Done.

>> Perfect. It's submitted and

>> Can you just open up as well?

>> Opening it now.

It's open in Chrome.

>> So, I can actually post tweets straight

away as you can see here. So, it posted

his tweet, pulled it up, control my

browser whilst I was talking to you. The

only thing that I don't like about it is

there's still a little bit of a delay,

but I can understand why, especially if

>> It is a delay. I'm going to keep on

moving here.

Um

again, it will work outside of your

computer and it will even access files

>> use case number two, I'm going to use

ChatGPT voice mode in order to find a

specific file that's living on my

computer. So, I generated this a couple

of days ago and let's say we don't want

to have to go and like try to search for

this all across our computer. Instead,

let's offload this task to ChatGPT in

order to do it. So, as you can see right

here, it's living on my desktop, this

co-work setup teaching HTML pack that I

have open right here. So, I'm just going

to come over to ChatGPT and have it find

this for me. Hey, can you go on my

computer and I want you to find the

ChatGPT co-work setup HTML that you

generated for me a couple of days ago.

>> Got it. I'll look for that file and

confirm what I find.

>> Also, while you're while you're doing

that, what was the last task that we

were running inside of ChatGPT?

>> I'll check that, too.

>> Now, as you can see, it's running and

doing multiple tasks at the exact same

time, which is the power of using the

new ChatGPT voice mode and it's pretty

cool when you have multiple different

tasks you have it running at once.

>> I found and opened the simple cloud

co-work setup teaching pack on your

desktop. It was created July 17th.

>> Yeah, this is exactly

>> task

>> This is exactly what I was wanting.

Thank you.

>> Great. Glad it matches what you needed.

>> Now, what was that task you said that

you found like the last task you ran for

me?

>> Let me pull up the exact last task for

you. It was the voice mode update chat

where you asked if the new voice mode

had launched recently and then to see

your most recent Gmail message.

>> Perfect. I also like that example

because you can see that he was

interrupting a few times and it felt

natural. It didn't feel like you were

stopping and having to start the

conversation from scratch.

Now, this is I think what makes this

really exciting that you can do it

remotely. In fact, I was in Iceland

recently and I wanted um

a change done to my Hermes agent desktop

app. I couldn't get to do it myself. I

have remote desktop connection using

Jump and it still wasn't working for me

and I said, "You know what? I'm going to

have Codex do it for me. I'll tell Codex

what I want, which is to layer in these

different models." Anyway, it doesn't

matter. And it did it, and I could just

speak into it and ask it. Here's how

that works.

>> Chat GPT desktop app. Then at the very

bottom left where you see your account,

you're going to click on this, and then

click on settings right here. From here,

underneath coding, you want to click on

connections. And then we're now going to

see this right here where we can control

our Mac from our phone. So, now we're

going to click this add button. Now

we're going to see this QR

>> It just occurred to me, you could

probably use Now, he he got rid of that

QR code, but it would be pretty funny if

you just used that QR code to control

uh Brock's computer, don't you think?

Let's keep going.

>> code right here. I'm going to pull up my

phone

>> And when you do it, you just use the

standard QR reader on your phone.

>> phone and then scan this. And then now

inside of the Chat GPT app on our phone,

what we're going to do is we're going to

come over to the left-hand side, swipe

to the left, and then you're going to

see this new remote button right here

with this little green icon. I'm going

to click on this, and then now you can

see the different projects that we have

that we've ran in the

>> Okay, what I hadn't seen anyone talk

about but help me was I could actually

connect multiple computers. If you look

under the word remote on his screen,

there's a name of his computer, which is

MacBook Pro 5 local.

You could switch it and have access to

controlling one computer then another

and another still, and that again helped

me because in Iceland I had one computer

that was running on my desktop here in

the US in the great state of Texas, and

another one that

was in my backpack that I never actually

took out. But if I wanted to, I could

control them both, and now it's really

helpful that I'm back. Uh is there

anything else that I want to show? No,

that's it. Let's go on with this next

one. Okay,

>> [snorts]

>> let's talk about usage limits.

>> terms of usage, the $20 plan, the and

the plan that is called plus,

um has a 5-hour window of

actual usage of 15 to 30 minutes, okay?

Um the Pro 5X, the $100 a month, uh has

a 5-

hour window of about you can use it for

about 1 hour to 2 and 1/2 hours. And if

you have the $200 plan, plan, you have

unlimited voice access. But

>> All right, I was surprised that there

were limits. I think he's the only one

who showed that. Um, one thing that I

tried to do was keep it running the

whole time and I told it only start

activating when I say, "Okay, Codex." or

"Okay, ChatGPT." Whatever the phrase

was. And it was very good about letting

me dictate and ignoring it, letting me

talk to other people and ignoring it.

But every once in a while it would just

barge into the conversation, which was

frustrating. I'm telling you this

because I would like the idea of just

keeping it active the whole day and only

invoking it when I'm ready for it. Um,

okay. Let's go on. Oh, and uh, from my

research, I should say these are not

hard limits. There's something about

OpenAI where they they like to be a lot

more flexible than Anthropic, for

example.

Next.

>> [snorts]

>> Limits and safeguards.

>> Workspace. You can't swap my model from

inside this live conversation. That's

set by the task configuration. And I

also can't silently take over apps, send

messages, spend money, change

permissions, or access private data

unless you ask. For longer research or

building docs or code, I'll often spend

>> Wait, so

really tap into that like, um, you can't

send messages unless I ask. What does

that mean?

>> It means I can draft a text, email,

Slack message, or social post for you,

but I won't actually send anything

unless you explicitly tell me to.

>> Mhm. No matter what. Okay, so it'll

always make sure, no matter what. Like

there's no way I can create a skill

which bypasses that.

>> Checking that.

>> No.

>> Right. A skill won't override those

safeguards.

>> And that seems like kind of a goofy

question. It's already doing so much,

why would you want it to do more? And

wouldn't you want the safeguards? And I

have to tell you the more I use it, the

more I feel like, "Ugh, I've got to give

you more permission." It feels too

amateurish and basic when you're asking

it to just connect the iPad that's

sitting over here to this computer so I

can use it as a second monitor, and it

keeps coming back every time I do it day

after day and saying, "Can I get this

permission?" I just want to give it

permission.

All right, next.

Let's look at voices. This might be

simple, but I think it's important.

>> And that sort of thing. The other thing

you can do

>> [snorts]

>> is you can go over to the voice section

inside your settings here, and you can

change the voice. So, you can switch

which microphone you're going to use.

Then we can move the pet around, or we

can even hide this if you don't want to

see the sticky pet with the details of

your voice. Um you also get these sticky

notes where like it shows you, okay,

here's what it's doing and here's what

it's working on. So, you can click back

to that and just go back to that

whenever you want to. And then also, if

we go to our settings inside the voice

section here, you can see that we've got

voice, and then we can select between

multiple different voices here.

>> Hey, how's it going?

>> Hey there. I thought

>> Hey, I'm

>> I'm going to pause it. One thing that he

did that I thought was interesting was

Julian said, "Can you talk Think what it

was was like 20% faster?" And ChatGPT

said, "Yeah, I can. I'll do it."

And then it turned out it didn't do it.

It promised, but it didn't. I like that

I get to pick my voice. I think this is

really important. As you can see, I'm I

grew up in [clears throat] New York. I

have a like a fast-paced everything. I I

want more fast-paced. I like that I can

pick the kind of personality I want. I

wish I could pick a faster pace. I don't

need this slowness. Okay, let's move on

to the next. And um

this one is building an iOS app by

voice. This is what we're going to close

with because I think this shows a lot of

the the strength of what you can do. And

by the way, if you like this, I'd love

it if you subscribe because I've got

more videos like this. If you don't, I

would love your feedback. The negativity

stuff is helpful for me cuz that's how I

improve. And of course, subscribe if you

want to see more, and hit the like

button. And I say all that? Let's move

on.

>> Hey, um can you use the build iOS app

skill and um I want to create an iOS

app. Um can you please start create uh

yeah, I want you to create a Swift app

that is like an exact replica of the

Apple notes app and I want you to run it

in the in-app simulator.

>> Okay, in the actual video, which of

course I'll link below, he says that and

then he also says and build this other

app and another app at the same time. Um

and then he comes back a a while back

later and shows the result. I just want

to jump to the result for you.

>> And the simulator preview is open.

>> Okay, yeah, can you show me just go

ahead and use the app for a bit. Test

out

the features on this.

>> I'll do that now.

>> It's wild seeing something else control

a mouse.

>> You know what? Um

let's continue to make some styling

adjustments. I actually want the default

to be light mode. Change it to light

mode and um please make the bottom tab

like the liquid glass tab at the bottom

higher quality, please.

>> Got it. Making those updates now.

>> Wow, this is just truly insane. Thank

>> I think this is fantastic. I think it's

incredibly helpful. If you got anything

of value out of it, let me know and if

you like this style where I show you the

best of multiple videos on a topic, I've

got one right here for you to watch

next. I'll see you in that one with uh

with a buddy of mine. We're both

recording it.



